17 Hours Ago | 02:56 
Emerging markets soared more than 33 percent in 2017, and Todd Gordon of TradingAnalysis.com says the rally won't stop. 
A big part of the rally in emerging markets, tracked by the emerging market ETF EEM , was a weak dollar. And given that Gordon still sees the inverse relationship between EEM and the dollar, measured in his charts by the dollar-tracking ETF UUP , he believes the U.S. currency will continue to help the group. 
"We have a falling U.S. dollar, which will support international and emerging market currencies and will give those EEM stocks a boost," Gordon said Tuesday on CNBC's "Trading Nation." The U.S. dollar in 2017 posted its worst annual performance in 14 years, while EEM saw its best performance since 2013. 
As for how high the latter could go, Gordon says EEM has broken "resistance" at around $45, which was the ETF's 2014 highs. That $45 region is now what he calls "support," and he sees it rallying to $50, which the ETF hasn't hit since mid-2011. 
To play for a move higher, Gordon suggested buying the February 48/50 call spread for 72 cents, or $72 per options contract. This means that if EEM closes above $50 on Feb. 16, then Gordon could make a maximum reward of $128 on the trade. 
But if EEM were to close below $48, then Gordon would lose the $72 he paid for the trade. As a result, Gordon wants to establish a point at which to get out. 
"If the 72 cent premium we just laid out gets cut in half to about 36 cents, let's cut the trade and move on," he said. 
EEM started the year off strong, rallying more than 1 percent on Tuesday.Cramer reflects on how Trump's actions are fueling the 'beast' market rally 1 Hour Ago Jim Cramer examined the notion that investors are "bored" with the market rally and explained how the president is driving stocks higher.Published: Jan 2, 2018 5:59 p.m. ET Share 
Few mainstream investors have bought large sums of bitcoin, scared off by concerns about cybersecurity and liquidity Getty Images 
By Rob Copeland 
One of the biggest names in Silicon Valley is placing a moonshot bet on bitcoin BTCUSD, +0.72% . 
Founders Fund, the venture-capital firm co-founded by Peter Thiel, has amassed hundreds of millions of dollars of the volatile cryptocurrency, people familiar with the matter said. The bet has been spread across several of the firm’s most recent funds, the people said, including one that began investing in mid-2017 and made bitcoin one of its first investments. 
Founders and Thiel, 50 years old, are well-known for early investments in companies like Facebook Inc. FB, +2.81% that sometimes take years to come to fruition. The bitcoin bet is quickly showing promise. Founders bought around $15 million to $20 million in bitcoin, and it has told investors the firm’s haul is now worth hundreds of millions of dollars after the digital currency’s ripping rise in the past year. 
It isn’t clear if Founders has sold any of its holdings yet. The bet hasn’t been previously reported.By Reuters 8:23 AM EST 
Television host Hoda Kotb was named the new co-anchor of the NBC News Today show on Tuesday, replacing former co-host Matt Lauer several weeks after the longtime anchor was fired for inappropriate sexual behavior , according to a network statement. 
Kotb will join Savannah Guthrie during the first two hours of the popular program, starting at 7 a.m. EST (noon GMT), and become the first pair of women to host the show along with weatherman Al Roker and Orange Room host Carson Daly. Kotb will continue co-hosting the 10 a.m. hour of Today with Kathie Lee Gifford. 
“It’s 2018 and we are kicking off the year right because Hoda is officially the co-anchor of Today,” said Guthrie, 46, who announced the news during the program’s opening moments. 
Kotb, 53, quickly filled in as co-host when Lauer was fired on Nov. 28 after a female colleague complained to NBC officials about a pattern of inappropriate sexual behavior that began while they were on assignment at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics in Russia , according to the network. 
At least two other women went to NBC with similar complaints against Lauer following the first allegation. None of the women has been publicly identified. 
“Repairing the damage will take a lot of time and soul searching and I’m committed to beginning that effort,” Lauer said after he was fired . 
Reuters has not independently verified the accusations. 
Kotb joined NBC News in 1998 as a correspondent and has co-hosted the fourth hour of Today with Gifford since 2008. She also hosts a program on Sirius XM satellite radio. 
“Over the past several weeks, Hoda has seamlessly stepped into the co-anchor role alongside Savannah, and the two have quickly hit the ground running,” NBC News Chairman Andrew Lack said in an email to staff, according to Today.com. SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT January 1, 2018 / 8:56 AM / Updated 5 hours ago UK's Compass says new CEO to start Jan 1 after death of Cousins Reuters Staff 1 Min Read 
Jan 1 (Reuters) - Britain’s Compass, the world’s biggest catering firm, said incoming chief executive Dominic Blakemore would start his tenure three months earlier than expected on January 1 after the death of outgoing CEO Richard Cousins. 
Cousins, 58, and four family members along with the pilot were killed when the seaplane they were travelling in crashed in Australia on New Year’s Eve. (Reporting by Elisabeth O‘Leary; editing by Jason Neely)January 3, 2018 / 12:54 AM / Updated 14 hours ago U.S. judge orders government to release Iraqis or grant bond hearings Yeganeh Torbati 3 Min Read 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge ordered the government on Tuesday to either release Iraqi immigrants it arrested last year or grant them bond hearings, in the latest judicial curb on the Trump administration’s efforts to tighten U.S. immigration. 
Last year the federal government detained hundreds of Iraqi immigrants who had been ordered deported years ago due to criminal convictions. Iraq until recently had refused to take them back, but struck a deal with the United States in March to repatriate its citizens, sparking the immigration sweeps. 
The Iraqis and civil rights groups representing them sued the federal government. U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith, in Detroit, had previously halted the deportation of the Iraqis, many of whom are Christian, who argued they would face persecution if they were sent back to Iraq. 
In his ruling on Tuesday, Goldsmith said that any of the Iraqis held for six months or longer must either be released or granted a bond hearing before an immigration judge within 30 days. 
“Our legal tradition rejects warehousing human beings while their legal rights are being determined,” wrote Goldsmith. 
The Trump administration has tried to deport the Iraqis as part of its push to increase immigration enforcement and make countries, which have resisted in the past, take back nationals ordered deported from the United States. FILE PHOTO: Protesters rally outside the federal court just before a hearing to consider a class-action lawsuit filed on behalf of Iraqi nationals facing deportation, in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., June 21, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo 
Since June, immigration enforcement officers have detained approximately 300 Iraqi nationals with final deportation orders, according to information provided to the court by the Iraqis’ lawyers. There are approximately 1,400 Iraqis in the United States with final deportation orders. 
The U.S. government said in March that Iraq had agreed to repatriate Iraqi nationals ordered deported from the United States. 
But Goldsmith noted in his order that the United States has “no written agreement” with Iraq regarding its cooperation, and that it is therefore unclear whether Iraq had agreed to take back all its nationals, and if so, under what conditions. 
Goldsmith said his ruling would apply to Iraqi detainees in similar circumstances nationwide, even if they are not involved in the litigation. 
“(Goldsmith) just really reaffirmed the principle that indefinite detention in this country is not acceptable,” said Kary Moss, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan, which is representing the Iraqis. 
The Department of Justice, which is arguing on behalf of the government, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Leslie AdlerWith oil prices fresh off their strongest start to a calendar year since 2014, CNBC's Jim Cramer wanted to help investors pinpoint some of the energy sector's most lucrative areas.
"How do you play this fantastic run in oil, with the price of crude flying through $60 a barrel thanks to OPEC production cuts and increased demand from an accelerating global economy?" the " Mad Money " host said.
There was a time investors could pick almost any oil play and profit. But amid a glut of natural gas , Cramer said oil and gas companies with natural gas exposure become riskier investments.
Pure natural gas picks with holdings in the Pennsylvanian Marcellus shale or the Ohioan Utica shale like EQT or Chesapeake Energy , respectively, are even riskier, Cramer said.
"If the weather stays like this for a couple more days and the natural gas stocks still don't participate and natural gas doesn't fly through the roof, I say trim, trim, trim," he advised. "The surfeit may be so large that even this cold snap isn't enough to move the needle."
For drilling and service companies like Halliburton , the risk is not so much a glut as it is the potential effects of technological advances on the sector, Cramer said.
The "Mad Money" host questioned how much service will be needed given the improvements to drilling tech, even in notoriously oil-flush Permian Basin in Texas and New Mexico.
Normally, Cramer would expect a bump in Baker Hughes ' stock, but the rig-counting oilfield service company's ties to the bedraggled General Electric are likely stifling buyers, he said.
"[Baker Hughes] might be the first thing GE sells in order to shore up its balance sheet," Cramer said. "It will most likely be the subject of a fire sale. I think it should be broken up and sold to pieces, but it doesn't matter. I say no, thank you."
Investors should be particularly selective when it comes to the energy giants, most of which no longer trade together, Cramer advised.
Cramer said he would be a buyer of Schlumberger , the world's biggest oilfield service company, and noted that Chevron has been anointed a growth stock by Wall Street and BP has been dubbed a safe stock. Above all, Cramer asked investors not to go "ETF hunting."
"It's not worth buying the bad with the good" in the energy sector, he said.
Independent energy plays were more straightforward. Cramer said any companies with exposure to Permian oil growth like Cimarex , Diamondback Energy or Concho would work.
But when it comes to the best of the best with crude topping $60 a barrel, Cramer suggested the pipeline stocks for three reasons.
"The group is well below where it was trading when oil was last at these prices," he said. "The pipeline companies are no longer struggling with the U.S. government; [the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission] greenlights pretty much anything. The independents are desperate for new pipe to take natural gas out of Marcellus and Utica to the South and the Northeast, and to take oil and gas out of the Permian for export."
The "Mad Money" host was sanguine on most of the pipeline plays, particularly those tied to well-run companies like Magellan Midstream Partners or Enterprise Product Partners .
The one thing Cramer didn't want homegamers to overthink was the effect of the new tax law on their energy investments, because the group trades more on asset growth than on tax-adjusted earnings.
"There you have it, your game plan for this suddenly revitalized sector, brought back to life by $60 oil, a welcome level for the entire group," the "Mad Money" host said. "Just remember, a rising tide is no reason to stop being selective. Stick with Schlumberger, Chevron, BP, the independents with Permian exposure — Cimarex, Diamondback, Concho — and the best run pipelines: Magellan Midstream and Enterprise Product Partners."
WATCH: Cramer revises his outlook on oil stocks show chapters Cramer shares his top energy stock picks as oil prices rise      20 Hours Ago | 04:56 Disclosure: Cramer's charitable trust owns shares of Schlumberger, Cimarex and Magellan Midstream Partners. 
Questions for Cramer?
Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC
Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up!
Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine 
Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.comLand fit for future fulfillment centers for the likes of Amazon and Walmart saw huge spikes in prices last year, according to real estate services firm CBRE.
In a trend largely stemming from the growth of e-commerce players across the U.S., some plots of land now cost twice the amount they did a year ago, the group found. This is especially true in major markets, including Atlanta and Houston.
In surveying 10 U.S. markets, CBRE found the average price for "large industrial parcels" (50 to 100 acres) now sits at more than $100,000 per acre, up from about $50,000 a year ago.
Industrial land plots of five to 10 acres, which typically house infill distribution centers for completing "last-mile" deliveries, watched their prices soar to more than $250,000 per acre by the end of 2017, up from roughly $200,000 a year ago, according to CBRE. Located in more bustling metropolitan settings, these warehouses must help retailers serve consumers closer to their homes.
To be sure, industry experts say that despite an uptick in construction of late, there's still a long way to go before supply aligns with demand.
show chapters America is over-malled, but not enough warehouses to support Amazon      2:20 PM ET Fri, 23 June 2017 | 00:52 "Escalating land prices are a big reason why new supply of U.S. warehouses and distribution centers hasn't kept pace with strong demand in recent years," David Egan, the global head of CBRE's Industrial & Logistics Research division, said in a statement.
"This situation won't go away any time soon, because the markets where distribution centers are most in demand — typically near or in densely populated city centers — have scant available land for industrial uses," Egan added.
According to CBRE's annual research, the most active warehouse construction markets today include California's Inland Empire, northern New Jersey, Chicago and Las Vegas.
Average industrial land prices in Inland Empire mushroomed 35 percent in 2017, the group found. Prices in northern New Jersey and Las Vegas jumped 17 percent, while prices in Chicago were up about 16 percent.
See a complete list of prices here. 
WATCH: The e-commerce effect on warehouses show chapters Prologis CEO on the e-commerce effect on warehouses      12:02 PM ET Wed, 18 Oct 2017 | 03:46If you want to acheive success, billionaire technology entrepreneur and investor on ABC's "Shark Tank" Mark Cuban has some advice: always challenge yourself to absorb new information .
"Life-long learning is probably the greatest skill," he says on Arianna Huffington's The Thrive Global Podcast .
Cuban is an avid reader , and espouses the benefits of scouring books for ideas. Early in his career, reading up on the technology industry helped him get an edge on competitors.
"A guy with little computer background could compete with far more experienced guys, just because I put in the time to learn all I could," he writes on his blog. "Everything I read was public. Anyone could buy the same books and magazines. The same information was available to anyone who wanted it. Turns out most people didn't want it."
Even with a net worth of over $3 billion today, he's still reading.
Recently, Cuban read a copy of "Principles: Life and Work" by Ray Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates. Dalio's firm is the largest hedge fund in the world, and manages $160 billion.
show chapters Billionaire hedge fund founder Ray Dalio uses 'radical transparency' to deliver feedback—here's how it works 9:12 AM ET Wed, 13 Sept 2017 | 01:18 In "Principles," Dalio explains step by step how he sought to create a culture of brutal honesty at Bridgewater, so the best ideas would rise to the top. The book explains the principles Dalio and all his employees follow, including "evaluate accurately, not kindly," and "don't hide your observations about people."
Cuban says the book would have been helpful to learn from as he was starting out.
Tweet
"It's the book I wish I had as a young entrepreneur, stressing over not knowing what I didn't know," Cuban tweeted on Dec. 31.
More importantly, Cuban says "Principles" gives instruction on how to develop the skill he values as critical to success: becoming a perpetual learner.
"'Principles' offers a bible to the greatest skill an entrepreneur can have, the ability to learn how to learn in any situation," Cuban writes. "Read it."
Don't miss: Mark Cuban: The 3 best tips to save more money in 2018
show chapters "It scares the s*** out of me," billionaire Mark Cuban says of AI 1:37 PM ET Tue, 25 July 2017 | 00:59 Like this story? Like CNBC Make It on Facebook !A report alleging Intel chips have a security flaw could cost the chipmaker a lot of money, according to one Wall Street firm.
The British tech website Register reported Tuesday that some Intel processors have a "fundamental design flaw" that will spur a significant security update of Linux and Microsoft Windows operating systems to work around it. The report said AMD chips were not affected.
Bernstein reiterated its underperform rating on Intel shares, saying the issue will have negative implications for its financials.
"For Intel, we believe the negative (charges, potential ongoing liability, possible share loss etc) outweighs the potentially positive (if you want to call it that) of a possible accelerated replacement cycle," analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in a note to clients Wednesday.
Rasgon noted the $475 million charge for the Pentium FDIV bug in 1994 and the $700 million charge for the Cougar Point chipset problem in 2011.
"The current problem feels much bigger" than the previous two incidents, he wrote. Intel's "potential liability remains the biggest open-ended question we have at the moment."
The analyst reaffirmed his $34 price target for Intel shares, representing 27 percent downside to Tuesday's close.
Shares of AMD were up 4.2 percent Wednesday, while Intel's stock declined 3.9 percent.
AMD declined to comment on The Register report.
Intel released the following statement Wednesday:
"Intel and other technology companies have been made aware of new security research describing software analysis methods that, when used for malicious purposes, have the potential to improperly gather sensitive data from computing devices that are operating as designed. Intel believes these exploits do not have the potential to corrupt, modify or delete data. Recent reports that these exploits are caused by a 'bug' or a 'flaw' and are unique to Intel products are incorrect."
Intel shares rose 27 percent in 2017 versus AMD's stock 9 percent decline.
— CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this story.
DisclaimerBitcoin is already having a bad year.
For the first time since 2015, the cryptocurrency began a new year by tumbling, extending its slide from a record $19,511 reached on Dec. 18.
The virtual coin traded at $13,440 as of 3:55 p.m. in New York, down 6.1 percent from Friday, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That's also a fall from the $14,156 it hit Sunday, according to coinmarketcap.com, which tracks daily prices.
Bitcoin got off to a much stronger start last year, and then kept that momentum going, eventually creating a global frenzy for cryptocurrencies. In a sign of its phenomenal price gain in 2017, it rose 3.6 percent on the first day of 2017 to $998, data from coinmarketcap.com show. It ended the year up more than 1,300 percent.
That rally drew a growing number of competitors and last month brought bitcoin to Wall Street in the form of futures contracts. It reached the Dec. 18 peak hours after CME Group Inc. debuted its derivatives agreements, which some traders said would encourage short position-taking.Scenes from deadly protests in Iran STR | AFP | Getty Images 5 Mins Ago 
Unrest in Iran erupted for a sixth-straight day Tuesday as demonstrators protest the countries economic troubles. 
The demonstrations, the country's biggest in years, were provoked by the high cost of living and widespread unemployment, challenging President Hassan Rouhani's economic policies. 
Clashes between protesters and security forces have resulted in hundreds of arrests and 21 deaths. 
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has blamed "the enemies of Iran" of meddling in the country's affairs. Rouhani, a moderate in the Islamic Republic leadership, has said the demonstrators are actually calling for "more freedom," suggesting that the protesters are targeting hardliners rather than his government's policies. Students clash with police at the University of Tehran. STR | AFP | Getty Images Demonstrators set fire to the Hozeh Elmieh seminary in the Takistan-Qazvin region northwest of the capital. Sipa | AP Images People gather in Tehran to protest. Anadolu Agency | Getty Images A protester is shot dead by police in Dorud, in Lorestan province. SalamPix | Abaca | Sipa USA | AP Counterdemonstrations: Iranians chant slogans as they march in support of the government near the Imam Khomeini grand mosque in the capital Tehran. Hamed Malekpour | AFP | Getty Images President Hassan Rouhani addresses during his Cabinet in Tehran. Iranian Presidency |Anadolu Agency | Getty Images Students run for cover from tear gas at the University of Tehran. AFP | Getty Images Demonstrators in front of the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin support protests across Iran. Hannibal Hanschke | Reuters Protesters demonstrate outside the Iranian Embassy in London. Eddie Keogh | Reuters Demonstrators protest in front of Iranian Embassy in Rome. ANSA | AP Anti-government signs are posted outside the Iranian Embassy in London. Simon Dawson | ReutersRetail American Girl Debuts New Doll, an Aspiring Astronaut Named Luciana American Girl introduces its new 2018 Girl of the Year, Luciana Vega, a creative, confident 11-year-old who wants to be the first person on Mars. Hand-out American Girl By Fortune Staff 11:58 AM EST 
Mattel on Monday debuted its newest American Girl doll — an aspiring astronaut who NASA hopes will inspire young children to become passionate about space and science. 
The toy company described the new doll as an 11-year-old named Luciana Vega, a “creative” and “confident” girl who wants to be the first person to touch down on Mars. 
American Girl said it teamed up with NASA to create Luciana in an effort to encourage youngsters to pursue careers and interests in science, technology, engineering and math. 
“It is so important to find exciting new ways to inspire our next generation of space explorers,” NASA astronaut Megan McArthur, who serves on the project’s advisory board, said in a statement . “I always want to encourage girls and boys to pursue their dreams, no matter how big, and I think it helps to show how those dreams can become reality for any kid.” 
American Girl President Katy Dickson called the doll a “role model for today’s girls.” 
The 18-inch Luciana doll, which comes with a book, sells for about $115 in stores and online . SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT There is a decent chance that long-desired pickup or crossover may be on sale this year, says one industry analyst.
Automakers will push more incentives for trucks and SUVs in 2018, rather than slower selling and less profitable sedans and compact vehicles, said CFRA analyst Efraim Levy CNBC's "Power Lunch" on Tuesday.
That is partly because companies can use the higher margins earned on truck and SUV sales to offset the costs of the discounts.
"The pricing is going to give them enough margin that it is worth it, and they want to battle more in trucks and SUVs and crossover utility vehicles than in cars," Levy said.
They can also take the money from those sales and plow it into research for new mobility technologies.
"The industry is really selling more of the profitable high-margin vehicles and those vehicles are helping to pay for those emerging electric and connected and autonomous vehicle technologies that the consumer is looking for a few years down the line," said Center for Automotive Research analyst Bernard Swiecki.
U.S. car buyers have shown a clear preference for crossovers, utility vehicles and pickups for quite some time now, and some in the industry, such as Fiat-Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne, have said the shift may be permanent.
The shift in tastes has been reflected in production slowdowns or changes at many U.S. auto plants. Ford cut U.S. car production almost 15 percent in 2017, General Motors cut it almost 19 percent and Fiat-Chrysler cut it by 26 percent.Retire in paradise: 5 countries where you can live the dream Getty Images Darla Mercado | @darla_mercado 1 Hour Ago 
If you'd like to stretch your retirement dollars and live on the beach, pack up and head to Costa Rica. 
That's according to International Living's Annual Global Retirement Index , a ranking of top locales for retirees who'd prefer to spend their golden years abroad. 
Nine million U.S. citizens live overseas, according to the State Department . 
The magazine ranked 24 retirement destinations around the world on a dozen criteria, including cost of living, climate, health care and entertainment. 
Here are the top five contenders in reverse order: Malaysia 
Retired couples can live comfortably in Kuala Lumpur on $1,500 a month, according to International Living. This Southeast Asian country scored top marks in the entertainment, health care and healthy lifestyle categories. Rustam Azmi | Getty Images Ecuador 
This South American nation offers shoreline and mountain vistas – and it received top grades in the benefits and discounts category, as well as climate. John Elk III | Getty Images Panama 
Panama received the highest ratings for "benefits and discounts" and "visas and residence." Outside of Panama City, expatriates can live on $1,500 a month or less, saving money on utilities due to the mild climate. LisaStrachan | Getty Images Mexico 
Mexico received a 90 out of 100 in the health-care category. The average doctor visit can run about $30 to $43, while a trip to the dentist costs about $28, according to International Living . CampPhoto | Getty Images Costa Rica 
Taking first place as the ideal locale for retirees, Costa Rica scored top marks in health care and healthy lifestyle. You can also live well on the cheap: $500 a month will get you a furnished two-bedroom home, International Living found. Jeff Diener | Getty ImagesJanuary 3, 2018 / 3:13 PM / Updated 3 hours ago U.S. factory, construction data brighten economic outlook Lucia Mutikani 5 Min Read 
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. factory activity increased more than expected in December, boosted by a surge in new orders growth, in a further sign of strong economic momentum at the end of 2017. 
The economy’s robust fundamentals were also underscored by other data on Wednesday showing construction spending rising to a record high in November amid broad gains in both private and public outlays. Given the bullish growth outlook, economists expect the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in March after increasing borrowing costs three times last year. 
“Strong manufacturing and construction data confirm the U.S. economy is firing on all cylinders at the turn of the year,” said Sal Guatieri, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto. “The Fed remains solidly on track to lift rates again in March and two more times this year, with possible upside risk if growth doesn’t simmer down.” 
The Institute for Supply Management (ISM) said its index of national factory activity jumped to a reading of 59.7 last month, the second-highest reading in six years, from 58.2 in November. A reading above 50 indicates growth in manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy. 
The survey’s new orders sub-index shot up 5.4 points to 69.4, the highest reading since January 2004. Manufacturers also reported an increase in export orders. While a measure of factory employment fell 2.7 points last months it remained at lofty levels consistent with an expansion in manufacturing payrolls. 
Factories also reported paying more for raw materials, with the survey’s prices index jumping by 3.5 points. Rising raw material prices bolster the view that inflation will pick up in 2018. 
Manufacturing is likely to get a boost this year from a $1.5 trillion tax cut approved by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress last month. The overhaul of the tax code, the most sweeping in 30 years, slashed the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent. 
Business spending surged in anticipation of the corporate tax cuts. Recent weakness in the dollar and a strengthening global economy are expected to buoy exports of U.S.-made goods, which would underpin manufacturing. 
“It is more than just domestic developments that are lifting animal spirits,” said John Silvia, chief economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. “A number of the published industry comments focused on a pick-up in demand from overseas.” 
The dollar .DXY was trading higher against a basket of currencies. U.S. stock indexes hit record highs and prices of U.S. Treasuries rose. BULLISH OUTLOOK 
The ISM survey showed manufacturers upbeat about the economic outlook. Machinery producers reported strong international sales and computer and electronic products manufacturers said they were “seeing a ramp-up with companies releasing early 2018 spend now.” 
Food, beverage and tobacco products manufacturers, however, struck a more cautious note saying that while the economy and business were strong, signals of “headwinds in 2018 are persistent.” 
In a separate report on Wednesday, the Commerce Department said construction spending rose 0.8 percent to an all-time high of $1.257 trillion in November. It advanced 2.4 percent on a year-on-year basis. 
The manufacturing and construction reports added to data ranging from the labor market to housing and consumer spending in sketching a robust picture of the U.S. economy. 
Following Wednesday’s data, the Atlanta Fed raised its fourth-quarter gross domestic product estimate by four-tenths of a percentage point to an annualized rate of 3.2 percent. The economy grew at a 3.2 percent pace in the third quarter. 
In November, spending on private residential projects soared 1.0 percent to the highest level since February 2007 after rising 0.3 percent in October. The increase was in line with a recent jump in homebuilding and supported expectations that housing would boost economic growth in the fourth quarter after being a drag on GDP since the April-June period. 
Spending on nonresidential structures rebounded 0.9 percent in November after falling 0.2 percent in the prior month. Overall, spending on private construction projects climbed 1.0 percent in November to a record high. That followed a 0.3 percent increase in October. 
Outlays on public construction projects rose 0.2 percent in November after jumping 3.5 percent in October. Economists, however, expect modest gains in public spending in the months ahead. 
“Many state budgets are being squeezed by weaker-than-expected revenues, and face other budgetary pressures related to things like health care,” said Nancy Vanden Houten, a senior economist at Oxford Economics in New York. “Also, the impact of the new tax law on state and local budgets is not yet clear.” Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul SimaoYour first bitcoin trade for the new year 10 Hours Ago Trading bitcoin futures now. Should you keep buying bitcoin? With CNBC's Jackie DeAngelis and the Futures Now traders.EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm markets kick off 2018 with a rally Bruno Federowski Reuters SHARES 
SAO PAULO, Jan 2 (Reuters) - Latin American markets started 2018 on Tuesday on a strong footing as solid global economic growth data drove investors to unwind year-end hedges. China's Caixin index of Chinese industry rose to a four-month high of 51.5 in December, confounding forecasts for a decline. The reading pointed to resilience for the world's largest consumer of commodities even as Beijing cracks down on industrial pollution and engineers a cooling property market. 
It also bolstered expectations of global economic strength for the first month of the year amid strong readings on manufacturing in the euro zone. Currencies from Brazil, Mexico, Chile , Colombia strengthened between 0.9 percent and 1.7 percent. Stock indexes were up throughout the region, with Brazil's benchmark Bovespa leading gains as traders unwound bets on a credit downgrade. Brazilian policymakers met in December with rating agencies to stave off a downgrade after lawmakers delayed a key vote on a plan to streamline the social security system and curb government spending. "The market sought protection from what looked like an imminent sovereign downgrade, but that did not materialize," H.Commcor brokerage trader Cleber Alessie said. Metalúrgica Gerdau SA stock was the biggest gainer on the benchmark index after Commercial Metals Co agreed to acquire certain U.S. rebar assets owned by the Brazilian steelmaker. 
Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1720 GMT: 
Stock indexes daily % YTD % 
change change Latest 
MSCI Emerging Markets 1175.55 1.56 -0.08 MSCI LatAm 2894.09 2.33 0 Brazil Bovespa 77653.30 1.64 1.64 Mexico S&P/BVM IPC 49622.44 0.54 0.54 Chile IPSA 5592.51 0.5 0.50 Chile IGPA 28111.30 0.47 0.47 Argentina MerVal 30475.44 1.36 1.36 Colombia IGBC 11421.38 -0.49 0.45 Venezuela IBC 1265.15 0.16 -96.01 Currencies daily % YTD % 
change change 
Latest 
Brazil real 3.2641 1.51 -0.46 Mexico peso 19.5250 0.89 6.24 Chile peso 607.8 1.13 10.35 Colombia peso 2933.84 1.64 2.31 Argentina peso (interbank) 18.5800 0.38 -14.56 Argentina peso (parallel) 19.15 0.68 -12.17 
(Reporting by Bruno Federowski in Sao Paulo; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)Teens who have tried a non-cigarette tobacco product are twice as likely to try conventional cigarettes a year later than those who haven't, according to a new study.
Researchers found that any use of e-cigarettes, hookah, non-cigarette combustible tobacco or smokeless tobacco in one year doubled the chance that youths smoked cigarettes the following year. The results were adjusted for factors like sociodemographic and environmental smoking risk. Using multiple products further increased the odds.
The study, published Tuesday in JAMA Pediatrics from researchers at the University of California San Francisco's Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education, comes amid a growing debate around e-cigarettes. The products are often marketed as a way for adult smokers to quit conventional cigarettes but are becoming increasingly popular among teens .
Despite the buzz around e-cigarettes, researchers stress that all products they studied increased the chance kids smoked conventional cigarettes. Therefore, they recommend regulating them together and extending to them prevention tactics like pack size requirements and flavor restrictions.
"We have a public rhetoric around e-cigarettes that's really strong, but we should be thinking about other products," said Shannon Lea Watkins, one of the study's authors and a postdoctoral scholar at the UCSF's Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education.
The findings should also extend discussions around regulating non-cigarette tobacco products to include the risk they pose of leading adolescents to smoke cigarettes rather than only the harm the individual products may present, Watkins said.
Researchers used data from the National Institutes of Health and Food and Drug Administration's Population Assessment of Tobacco and Health to track the responses of adolescents between the ages of 12 and 17 from 2013 to 2015.
The study is believed to be the first to analyze all non-cigarette tobacco products. Others have focused on specific categories like e-cigarettes.
"I'm perhaps surprised about how similar the relationships were for each product across the board," Watkins said. "I'm not surprised about the relationship, but the fact that we sliced this in as many ways as we could think of with all the methodological concerns folks had, no matter how we run the model, the results hold."SHARES Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images A ground operations employee loads baggage onto a Southwest Airlines plane at John Wayne Airport in Santa Ana, California. 
Southwest Airlines is upsizing. 
The airline has exercised options for 40 Boeing 737 Max 8 airplanes worth $4.5 billion at list prices, it said late Tuesday. Southwest is also deferring orders for smaller models to at least 2023. 
The carrier, like other airlines around the world, has been mulling which aircraft to add to its fleet as record numbers of passengers take to the skies. 
If airlines choose planes that are too big, they risk owning multimillion-dollar behemoths that are expensive to fly and tough to fill with passengers . If they go too small, their costs per seat could be high and they may need more aircraft to meet demand. 
Compared with other airlines whose fleets include planes from different manufacturers, Southwest only flies Boeing 737s, and the carrier is the biggest operator of the Chicago-based company's narrow-body jets. 
The change in Southwest's order does not change its plan for capacity growth this year, it said. 
The Boeing 737 Max 8 fits as many as 189 seats, according to Boeing, but Southwest intends to fly them with 175 on board. 
Southwest debuted the 737 Max 8 last year in the 175-seat configuration, with 32 inches of legroom. The airline intends to fly the smaller Max 7 with 143 passengers. 
The airline announced the fleet changes in a statement applauding the passage of the tax law late last year, which it said allows it to give its workers $1,000 bonuses . 
Southwest will get 15 of the 737 Max 8s next year and 25 in 2020, it said. Twenty-three of the smaller 737 Max 7s will be delivered in 2023 and 11 others in 2024, according to the airline. 
The airline said the delay in accepting the smaller 737 Max 7 jets would allow it to line it up with the retirement of some older 737 planes. 
"They both still fit in with our fleet plan," spokesman Chris Mainz said of the two new 737 models. 
For its part, Boeing said that "there is no impact to the Max program" as a result of Southwest's decision. Leslie Josephs Airline Reporter for CNBC.com Related SecuritiesSHARES Ueslei Marcelino | Reuters A worker paints a tank of Brazil's state-run Petrobras oil company in Brasilia, Brazil September 30, 2015. 
Brazil's state-controlled oil company, Petroleo Brasileiro, said on Wednesday that it has agreed to pay $2.95 billion to settle a U.S. class action brought by investors who claim they lost money as a result of a corruption scandal. 
Petrobras, as the company is known, denied any wrongdoing under the deal, which is one of the largest securities class action settlements in the United States. U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan must approve the settlement. 
The company said the settlement will be paid in three roughly equal installments and will affect fourth-quarter results. 
Investors sued Petrobras after prosecutors in Brazil accused former executives at the company of accepting more than $2 billion in bribes over a decade, mainly from construction and engineering companies. 
Petrobras claimed it was itself a victim, and it expressly denied wrongdoing in a securities filing on Wednesday. But its market value has plunged as the so-called Lava Jato or "car wash" corruption scandal has deepened. 
Petrobras said that it hoped the settlement would resolve all investor claims in the United States over the scandal. 
The deal does not include investors who bought non-U.S.-based Petrobras securities outside the United States, according to the company. 
The deal came just days after Brazil's securities regulator CVM formally accused eight former Petrobras executives of corruption. 
According to a legal filing by the regulator on Friday, the accusations relate to possible irregularities in the contracting process for three drill ships. 
Among the accused in CVM's filing are former Petrobras chief executives Maria das Gracas Foster and Jose Sergio Gabrielli. 
The largest securities fraud settlements in U.S. history include $7.2 billion stemming from the collapse of Enron, $6.2 billion over an accounting scandal at WorldCom and $3.2 billion over an accounting scandal at Tyco International, according to Stanford Law School's Securities Class Action Clearinghouse.Tesla is apparently still deep in the circles of production hell.
On Wednesday, the electric car maker released delivery numbers for the fourth quarter of 2017 that fell short of many expectations on Wall Street, and once again pushed production targets on its highly anticipated Model 3 sedan. 
Tesla shares fell roughly 2 percent in after-hours trading.
"As we continue to focus on quality and efficiency rather than simply pushing for the highest possible volume in the shortest period of time, we expect to have a slightly more gradual ramp through Q1, likely ending the quarter at a weekly rate of about 2,500 Model 3 vehicles," Tesla said in a release. "We intend to achieve the 5,000 per week milestone by the end of Q2."
In 2017, the company had said it planned to reach a production rate of 5,000 cars per week for the Model 3, but later revised back that target to the end of the first quarter. Now, Tesla expects to reach the target by the end of the second quarter.
Tesla said it delivered 29,870 vehicles in the fourth quarter of 2017, including 1,550 of its anticipated Model 3 sedan. 
The California-based electric-car maker also delivered 15,200 Model S sedans, and 13,120 Model X SUVs.
That compares with 22,200 vehicles in the fourth quarter of 2016, of which 12,700 were Model S and 9,500 were Model X. Total 2016 deliveries were roughly 76,230. There were no Model 3 deliveries in 2016, as the car was not in production yet.
In addition to those deliveries, Tesla said there were 2,520 Model S and X vehicles and 860 Model 3 vehicles in transit to customers at the end of the quarter, which Tesla will count as deliveries in Q1 2018. 
Tesla said it made "major progress" toward addressing the "production bottlenecks" the company blamed for falling so far short of its Model 3 targets in the third quarter. 
Tesla had said at the end of the third quarter it would deliver about 100,000 Model S and X vehicles in 2017, a 31 percent increase over the previous year. CEO Elon Musk said he expected weekly Model 3 production to be "in the thousands" by the end of 2017. 
Wall Street estimates varied widely. In a note sent Tuesday, Cowen analyst Jeffrey Osborne estimated a Wall Street consensus 4,000-5,000 Model 3 deliveries in the fourth quarter . But Osborne's own forecast was below that at just 2,250. Oppenheimer analyst Colin Rusch had expected Tesla to deliver just 800 Model 3 cars.
"In the 12-month investable time frame our rating contemplates, we see Tesla as a great company led by a true visionary, but must acknowledge the asymmetric risk/reward profile for the stock at the market's current valuation," Osborne said in the note. "Simply, we see a lot more that can go wrong than can go right as the company transitions into Mr. Musk's greater vision as laid out in his Master Plan, Part Deux."UPDATE 2-Brazil's Petrobras settles U.S. corruption class action for $2.95 bln Brendan Pierson Published 10:09 AM ET Wed, 3 Jan 2018 Reuters SHARES 
bln@ (Adds analysts' context, quote from plaintiffs' lawyer, Brazil context, efforts to reach former CEOs) 
NEW YORK, Jan 3 (Reuters) - Petroleo Brasileiro SA , Brazil's state-controlled oil company, said on Wednesday it has agreed to pay $2.95 billion to settle a U.S. class action brought by investors who claim they lost money as a result of a corruption scandal. 
Petrobras, as the company is known, denied any wrongdoing under the deal, which is one of the largest securities class action settlements in the United States. U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan must approve the accord. 
The settlement was smaller than what many analysts anticipated and was seen as a net positive for the scandal-plagued company. Preferred shares ticked up 0.3 percent to 16.60 reais by midday, roughly in line with the country's Bovespa equities index. U.S.-traded shares were unchanged at $10.70. 
Analysts at Brazilian bank BTG Pactual said the market had expected a settlement of $5 billion to $10 billion. Moody's said in a note that if approved the fine "would remove the uncertainty related to the amount to be paid to plaintiffs." 
The plaintiffs were upbeat, too. 
"Simply put, this litigation and its ultimate resolution has yielded an excellent result for the class," said Jeremy Lieberman, an attorney for the investors. He called the deal "historic" and said it was the largest ever involving a foreign securities issuer. 
Investors had sued Petrobras after prosecutors in Brazil accused executives of accepting more than $2 billion in bribes over a decade, mainly from construction and engineering companies. 
Petrobras claimed it was itself a victim and denied wrongdoing in a securities filing on Wednesday. But its market value has plunged as its central role in a massive corruption scheme continues to be unwound by investigators. 
For the past four years, Brazil has been rocked by the so-called "Car Wash" investigation, which has exposed billions of dollars in kickbacks to executives of state-run companies and politicians who appointed them to their jobs. 
Petrobras said it hoped the settlement would resolve all investor claims in the United States. 
The deal does not include investors who bought non U.S.-based Petrobras securities outside the United States, according to the company. 
The deal came days after Brazil's securities regulator CVM formally accused eight former Petrobras executives of corruption. 
The accusations relate to possible irregularities in the contracting process for three drilling ships, according to a legal filing by the regulator last Friday. 
Among the accused in CVM's filing are former Petrobras Chief Executives Officers Maria das Gracas Foster and Jose Sergio Gabrielli. Neither could be reached for comment. 
The largest securities fraud settlements in U.S. history include $7.2 billion stemming from the collapse of Enron, $6.2 billion over an accounting scandal at WorldCom and $3.2 billion over an accounting scandal at Tyco International, according to Stanford Law School's Securities Class Action Clearinghouse. ($1 = 3.25 reais) 
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Additional reporting by Gram Slattery and Flavia Bohone in Sao Paulo; Editing by Jason Neely, Susan Fenton and Jeffrey Benkoe)Subscribe Sign In Uber’s Financials: An Inside Look Uber Technologies Inc. isn't obligated to publicly disclose its financial records as a privately held company. The Wall Street Journal reviewed recent quarterly statements that show how fast the most valuable U.S. private technology company is growing — and losing money.January 2, 2018 / 5:19 PM / Updated 14 hours ago U.S. appeals court revives proposed debt collection class action Jonathan Stempel 1 Min Read 
A federal appeals court on Tuesday revived a proposed class action accusing Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC (PRA), a large debt buyer, of waiting too long to collect debts from people who live outside Delaware. 
The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia overturned a lower court finding that a Delaware tolling statute stopped that state’s three-year statute of limitations from running against non-residents through the period of the credit relationship, default, collection efforts and litigation. 
To read the full story on WestlawNext Practitioner Insights, click here: bit.ly/2Cs820xCopper prices set to continue gains in 2018 20 Hours AgoUS looks good in 2018, but stocks abroad look even better, says Invesco 10 Hours Ago Will US stocks rip higher? And the biggest risks to the rally, with Kristina Hooper, Invesco, CNBC's Jackie DeAngelis and the Futures Now traders, Brian Stutland at the CME and Anthony Grisanti at the NYMEX.Good morning and happy new year. Aaron in for Adam this morning.
For years, some iPhone owners have contended that Apple software updates purposely slowed their phones after two years in order to entice them to upgrade. The ghost of Steve Jobs forcing some planned obsolesce on customers , perhaps? You may have missed it over the holidays, but Apple actually admitted to purposely slowing older iPhones. So the conspiracy theorists are vindicated, right? Not exactly.
What Apple was up to over its past few iOS updates was not trying to entice new phone buying, but rather to solve a different conspiracy-theory-sparking iPhone bug. That was the glitch where an iPhone suddenly shut down even though the battery reported it had a remaining charge of 30%, 40%, sometimes even more than 50%. Why would an iPhone with half its charge left suddenly shut down?
Now all is revealed. It turns out that as phone batteries age, not only do they hold less charge, they also lose the ability to output maximum voltage at one time. So when an iPhone with an older battery needed a lot of power all at once, the battery couldn’t keep up and the phone shut down. To avoid these seemingly random shutdowns, Apple tweaked iOS to cap the power draw, in effect forcing the phone to slow down. A better solution, or co-solution, might have been to alert iPhone owners that their batteries needed to be replaced.
That’s the new approach. So if you’re still rocking an iPhone 6 or 6S, and maybe even soon an iPhone 7, it’s probably time to get that battery replaced. And for only $29 , your iPhone will be back to full speed.
Aaron Pressman @ampressman aaron.pressman@fortune.com NEWSWORTHY Year end markdowns . Just before year end, Japanese billionaire Masayoshi Son completed his deal to buy a big stake in Uber at a discount. Son's SoftBank Group will buy out some current shareholders for $6.5 billion to acquire a 15% stake, a 30% discount from Uber's last private valuation. SoftBank will also invest another $1.25 billion for new preferred shares from Uber at the prior valuation of about $68 billion.
Couch surfing to the max . More than 3 million people stayed in an Airbnb rental over New Year's, company CEO Brian Chesky revealed , up from 2 million last year and just 1,400 in 2009.
'Til daddy takes her T-bird away. Researchers at Stanford University analyzed 50 million images from Google's Street View app and matched any vehicles pictured with demographic data about the locations. In addition to creating some new trivia question answers (i.e. the city showing cars with the best average gas mileage is Burlington, Vt.), the researchers were able to make a model that could predict income, race, education, and voting patterns.
Keyless failure . Not all the hot startups of 2017 lasted into 2018. Smart lock maker Otto suspended operations after running out of cash and probably will never deliver its cute $700 phone-controlled door lock.
Speedy delivery. President Trump took on one of his favorite tech targets, Amazon.com , in a tweet last week. "Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer?" Trump asked .
Ups and downs. Chinese smartphone maker Huawei had good news and bad news over the holidays. It finally cracked the U.S. market with a deal to sell its new Mate 10 flagship via AT&T. But its head of sales in China was detained as part of a bribery investigation.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT Digital currencies remain all the rage. Bitcoin may have started the year off with a stumble, but the alternative known as Ripple or XRP jumped 56% on Friday to hit a total market value of $86 billion, surpassing Ethereum for second place in the cryptocurrency universe. Venture capitalist Fred Wilson notes that crypto startups raised $3.7 billion last year, but he doesn't think most will succeed. A veteran of the original Internet bubble, Wilson sees some parallels:
Transaction clearing times on public, open, scaled blockchains (BTC and ETH, for example) remind me of the 14.4 dialup period of the Internet. You can get a taste of what things will be like, but you can't really use the technology yet. It just doesn't work at scale. But it will and the money that is getting invested via the frenzy we are in is going to make that happen.
This is the biggest story in tech in 2017 because transitions from Internet 1.0 to Internet 2.0 to Internet 3.0 cause tremendous opportunity and tremendous disruption. Not all of the big companies of the dialup phase (Yahoo, AOL, Amazon, eBay) made a healthy transition into the mobile/broadband phase. And not all of the big companies of the broadband/mobile phase (Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon) will make a healthy transition into the decentralized phase. Some will, some won't.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT The Italian Clothing Brand Steve Jobs Has Nothing to Do With Apple's Steve Jobs. And It's Totally Legal By Hallie Detrick 
The 10 Biggest Business Scandals of 2017 By Lucinda Shen 
Watch This Italian Grandmother's Priceless Reaction to Google Home Mini By Emily Price 
Could Threats to Net Neutrality Spark Interest in Local Broadband? By David Z. Morris 
How Robots Could Make the Gender Pay Gap Even Worse By Claire Zillman 
Ethereum Founder: Crypto Investors Need to Grow Up and Stop Flaunting Their Wealth Online By Lisa Marie Segarra 
BEFORE YOU GO A lot of kids, and grown-up kids, no doubt got camera-carrying drones as holiday presents. Some are big, some are small. But the Central Intelligence Agency was way ahead of the curve. The CIA recently revealed its 1970s efforts to build a dragon-fly-sized drone that could spy on adversaries. But the "Insectothopter" never got off the ground, so to speak.
This edition of Data Sheet was curated by Aaron Pressman . Find past issues, and sign up for other Fortune newsletters . January 2, 2018 / 7:00 AM / Updated 11 hours ago China's WeChat denies storing user chats Sijia Jiang 2 Min Read 
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Tencent Holdings’ WeChat, China’s most popular messenger app, on Tuesday denied storing users’ chat histories, after a top businessman was quoted in media reports as saying he believed Tencent was monitoring everyone’s account. 
“WeChat does not store any users’ chat history. That is only stored in users’ mobiles, computers and other terminals,” WeChat said in a post on the social media platform. 
“WeChat will not use any content from user chats for big data analysis. Because of WeChat’s technical model that does not store or analyze user chats, the rumor that ‘we are watching your WeChat everyday’ is pure misunderstanding.” 
Li Shufu, chairman of Geely Holdings, owner of the Volvo car brand, was quoted in Chinese media on Monday as saying Tencent Chairman Ma Huateng “must be watching all our WeChats every day”. 
Like all Chinese social media platforms, WeChat is required to censor public posts deemed “illegal” by the Communist Party. WeChat’s privacy policy says it may need to retain and disclose users’ information “in response to a request by a government authority, law enforcement agency or similar body”. 
WeChat did not immediately respond to a request for further comment. 
According to a report by Amnesty International, Tencent ranked at the bottom of 11 tech firms running the world’s most popular messenger apps for how they use encryption to protect user privacy. 
China’s cyber watchdog in September announced a new rule making chat group administrators and companies accountable for breaches of content rules. 
In the same month it handed down maximum penalties to tech firms including Tencent, Baidu Inc and Weibo Corp for failing to properly censor online content, and asked them to increase content auditing measures. Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Stephen CoatesWill central banks undershoot on inflation in 2018? 1 Hour Ago Martin Lakos of Macquarie Wealth Management says a background risk for equities in 2018 is central banks undershooting inflation forecasts.In light of the new year, CNBC's Jim Cramer wanted to zoom in on two of the market's top benchmarks to see how they'll fare in 2018: the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average .
So the " Mad Money " host recruited technician Bob Lang, the founder of ExplosiveOptions.net and one of the three minds behind TheStreet.com's Trifecta Stocks newsletter, to get an analytical take on the action.
Cramer and Lang began with the weekly chart of the S&P. For the first time ever, the index did not have a single losing month in all of 2017, perhaps even more impressive than its nearly 20 percent annual gain.
"With so much momentum coming into this year, Lang thinks it would be a big mistake to get too bearish on this one," Cramer said.
In the fourth quarter, more stocks in the S&P started to trade above their 50-day moving averages, a good indicator of the breadth and strength of the index's rally.
Cramer attributed the strength to institutional buying after the S&P's small dip in November, and said that the strategy was a winning one going forward as well.
"Until we see any evidence that these institutions want to start selling en masse, and we have none, Lang thinks you should keep buying the S&P into any dip if we get one," Cramer advised. "Last year, the S&P only had two pullbacks, and they both went to its 20-week moving average ... and both [of] these turned out to be excellent buying opportunities."
All in all, Lang wouldn't be surprised if the S&P logged yet another double-digit gain in the new year, he told Cramer.
What of the Dow industrials? First and foremost, Cramer noted the average's 25 percent gain for 2017, calling its weekly chart "picture-perfect."
From the Chaikin money flow oscillator, which measures buying and selling pressure, to the Relative Strength Index, which measures momentum, the Dow's technical indicators were red-hot for most of 2017, indicating high levels of institutional buying.
"From a momentum perspective, Lang says this chart is a thing of beauty," Cramer said. "Volume trends are positive, the money flow remains very strong — what's not to like?"
Lang even said that trying to call a top for the Dow would be "pointless" given its strength and predicted a 12 to 15 percent rise in 2018, keeping the possibility of Dow 30,000 on the table.
"[These] charts give us a lot of reasons to be feeling pretty darned good about 2018," Cramer said. "No, we don't want to get too euphoric. No, we don't want to be complacent. But I also think it's a big mistake to get too cynical — that's right, too sardonic — for your own good. Irony never made a dime for anybody. Let's face it: we've got a phenomenal bull market going here. Why don't you just enjoy it?"
WATCH: A year of Dow and S&P 500 charts with Cramer show chapters Cramer's S&P 500 and Dow charts indicate a strong start to 2018 20 Hours Ago | 05:30 By Kristen Bellstrom 8:20 AM EST 
Good morning, Broadsheet readers! Vice puts two top execs on leave, tech bros are throwing regular sex parties, and a record number of women are expected to run for governor this year. Have a productive Wednesday. EVERYONE'S TALKING 
• The time is now . My colleague Claire Zillman takes a closer look at Time’s Up, the action plan for tacking sexual harassment launched this week by Hollywood A-listers including Reese Witherspoon, Shonda Rhimes, and Eva Longoria. 
What’s unique about the initiative, writes Claire, is that despite the boldface names attached, its legal defense fund will help women who are largely without power or prominence. (For a sense of what women in blue-collar jobs too often experience, please check out this NYT story from last week.) Time’s Up “comes at a time when initiatives aimed at bettering the working lives of women have not only lacked universality, but have effectively siloed women into two classes, haves and have-nots, ” she notes. 
That split can be seen in everything from the concerns raised at last January’s Women’s March to the generous leave policies that apply only to certain employees to the celebrity-driven aspect of the #MeToo movement. There’s no denying that the fight for gender equity too often leaves out women who are not white and middle- or upper-class. So it’s gratifying to see some of Hollywood’s biggest names not only call attention to the plight of their less glamorous sisters, but to actually use their wealth to help them make change. Let’s hope this is a sign of things to come in 2018. Fortune ALSO IN THE HEADLINES 
• Tip jar . The New Yorker’s Dana Goodyear looks at the ways Hollywood is responding to the post-Weinstein/#MeToo world. She describes an industry where—almost overnight—everything has changed so dramatically that no one is quite sure what comes next. (One thing they do know: “No one wants to get caught on the wrong side of history.”) Interestingly, the story also notes that the Hollywood Reporter has created a sexual-misconduct beat and “assigned seven reporters, who are fielding ten to fifteen tips a day.” A related and important reminder to all you Broadsheet readers: My inbox is always open for any tips related to sexual harassment—and anything that comes in via the “send tip” button at the top of this newsletter remains anonymous. 00:54 00:54 | 3 Hrs AgoPalestinians condemned as blackmail on Wednesday U.S. President Donald Trump's threat to withhold future aid payments over what he called the Palestinians' unwillingness to talk peace with Israel .
Trump drew praise from a cabinet minister in Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's right-wing government but a warning from a former Israeli peace negotiator of the dangers in cutting off financial assistance to the Palestinians.
On Twitter on Tuesday, Trump said that Washington gives Palestinians "HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They don't even want to negotiate a long overdue peace treaty with Israel ... with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?"
Trump tweet 1
Trump tweet 2
Hanan Ashrawi, a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization's executive committee, said in response: "We will not be blackmailed."
Palestinian anger at Trump is already high over his Dec. 6 recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a declaration that also generated outrage across the Arab world and concern among Washington's Western allies.
Majdi Fathi | NurPhoto | Getty Images Palestinians burn posters depicting U.S. President Donald Trump and a U.S. flag and Israeli flag during a protest against Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, in Gaza City on January 1, 2018. Commenting on Trump's tweets, Nabil Abu Rdainah, a spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, said: "Jerusalem is not for sale, neither for gold nor for silver."
Abu Rdainah said the Palestinians were not opposed to returning to peace talks that collapsed in 2014 but only on the basis of establishing a state of their own along the lines that existed before Israel captured the West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip in the 1967 war.
"If the United States is keen about peace and about its interests it must abide by that," he said.
Israel, which withdrew troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip in 2005, has called the pre-1967 war West Bank boundaries indefensible and has pledged to hold on to all of Jerusalem forever.
UNRWA funding A report prepared for the U.S. Congress in December 2016 by the U.S. Congressional Research Service said annual U.S. economic support to the West Bank and Gaza Strip has averaged around $400 million since fiscal 2008.
Much of the money has gone toward U.S. Agency for International Development-administered project assistance and the rest toward budget support for the Palestinian Authority (PA), which administers limited self-rule in the Palestinian territories under interim peace agreements.
Israeli Culture Minister Miri Regev, a member of Netanyahu's Likud party, welcomed Trump's aid comments, saying on Army Radio: "I am very satisfied ... (Trump) is saying the time has come to stop saying flattering words (to the Palestinians)."
But Tzipi Livni, an Israeli opposition politician and a former peace negotiator, said "a responsible and serious (Israeli) government" should quietly tell Trump that it would be in Israel's interest to prevent a "humanitarian crisis in Gaza" and to continue to fund Palestinian security forces cooperating with Israel.
Earlier on Tuesday, Trump's U.N. ambassador disclosed plans to stop funding a United Nations agency that provides humanitarian aid to Palestinian refugees.
"The president has basically said he doesn't want to give any additional funding, or stop funding, until the Palestinians agree to come back to the negotiation table," Ambassador Nikki Haley told reporters when asked about future U.S. funding for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA)for Palestinian refugees.
In an emailed statement, UNRWA spokesman Chris Gunness said: "UNRWA has not been informed by the United States administration of any changes in U.S. funding to the Agency."
The United States is the largest donor to the agency, with a pledge of nearly $370 million as of 2016, according to UNRWA's website.
According to UNRWA's website, there are 5.9 million UNRWA refugees and other registered persons eligible for its services, which include education and health care, in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, Jordan, Lebanon, and Syria.Retail's darling could be in trouble in the new year.
As shoppers have flocked to off-price stores like TJ Maxx and Marshalls for a less-expensive, one-stop shopping fix, sales mushroomed and put added pressure on America's department stores.
For much of 2017, Wall Street cheered the unique "treasure hunt" experience these stores provide, saying the model is largely "Amazon proof" and difficult to replicate online.
That said, soaring sales in the sector may be slowing, according to Wells Fargo analyst Ike Boruchow. In a Wednesday note to clients he wrote that TJX (owner of TJ Maxx, HomeGoods and Marshalls), Ross Stores and Burlington could see lower sales in the fourth quarter and into fiscal 2018.
Wells Fargo downgraded shares of TJX to market perform and cut its price target to $72 from $76. The stock closed Tuesday at $76.69, having climbed a little more than 7 percent over the past six months. TJX shares were falling around 2 percent late Wednesday morning.
Wells Fargo's price targets for Ross and Burlington were left unchanged, but both stocks were also trading modestly lower Wednesday.
Boruchow explained that talks with other brands are fueling his expectations that there could be a slowdown in the off-price sector's momentum in the coming months.
"The issue for TJX, relative to ROST and BURL, is size (they are multiples larger and carry many more brands)," he wrote. However, the "off-price setup from here could become 'less good' relative to the past 2 years."
Other industry consultants have chimed in, saying it's true these companies could be bracing for some deceleration.
"I do think [off-price retailers] lose a little steam as they will generally have some of the most difficult comparisons going of any retail segment in 2018," Retail Metrics founder Ken Perkins told CNBC.
Then, some shoppers might "trade up" to new stores as the economy improves, he added, but the impact there should only be "marginal."
Others are still cheering on the stocks, though, and think TJX in particular could continue to gain market share as department stores shutter lcoations. Cowen and Co. analyst Oliver Chen is calling the company his "best idea for 2018," based on the fact that customers still appreciate TJX's "deep value."
"As most of traditional retail contracts their store bases and right-sizes their organizations to better fit the new normal of lower revenue bases, TJX sees significant white space ahead in terms of store growth," Chen wrote.
Growing at such a rapid clip (and recently launching a new brand, Homesense) could be a smart move for TJX, where others are cutting back, but some remain wary the expansion could come back to haunt the company.What are the nuances of China's planned tax on asset management products? 1 Hour AgoOrrin Hatch , the second-longest serving current U.S. senator, plans to retire at the end of his current term. 
In a video shared on Twitter, the 83-year-old Utah Republican announced his plan to leave the Senate early next year after more than 40 years. Hatch's announcement came only days after the Republican tax plan that he helped to craft got signed into law. 
Hatch tweet 
President Donald Trump had urged Hatch, the Senate Finance Committee chairman, to seek re-election later this year. Hatch showered Trump with praise during and after Congress' passage of its tax bill, setting himself apart from some GOP senators who criticized Trump's actions or fitness for office this year. 
In the video, Hatch said he was "deeply grateful" to serve as a senator and said "the next chapter in my public service is just beginning." 
When the president visited Utah last month, he said I was a fighter. I've always been a fighter. I was an amateur boxer in my youth, and I brought that fighting spirit with me to Washington. But every good fighter knows when to hang up the gloves. And for me, that time is soon approaching. That's why, after much prayer and discussion with family and friends, I've decided to retire at the end of this term. Although I will miss serving you in the Senate, I look forward to spending more time with family, especially my sweet wife Elaine, whose unwavering love and support made all of this possible.
Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images Senator Orrin Hatch, a Republican from Utah and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. Hatch highlighted what he deemed some of his most significant achievements in Congress: playing a role "in the creation of the modern generic drug industry, the passage of the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act, and the confirmation of every current member of the United States Supreme Court." He also mentioned the passage of the GOP tax law among those moments. 
Former Massachusetts Gov. and GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney was considering running for Hatch's seat if the senator retired, according to reports. Romney has strongly criticized Trump and could prove another irritant to the president if he gets elected. 
Trump had lobbied Hatch to stay in the Senate. 
Following Congress' passage of the tax plan in December, the senator praised Trump's first year in office. 
"Mr. President, I have to say that you're living up to everything I thought you would," he said at a White House event. "You're one heck of a leader, and we're all benefiting from it." 
Hatch first got sworn into the Senate in 1977. Only Sen. Patrick Leah, D-Vt., has served longer among current members.January 2, 2018 / 11:04 AM / Updated 6 hours ago Euro zone factory growth surges to record; more uneven in Asia Jonathan Cable , Marius Zaharia 5 Min Read 
LONDON/HONG KONG (Reuters) - Euro zone factories ended 2017 growing at their fastest pace in more than two decades while performance in Asia was more uneven, with its third-largest economy India leading the field and manufacturing giant China unexpectedly resilient. 
With a similar business survey covering the United States forecast to be strong, the synchronized global growth that took hold last year looks set to continue based on the first major economic data releases of 2018. 
Euro zone factory activity is handily outpacing its peers, including Britain. That has added to expectations that the European Central Bank, which this month will halve its monthly bond purchases, will shutter the program later this year. 
“The euro zone manufacturing boom gained further momentum in December, rounding off the best year on record and setting the scene for a strong start to 2018,” said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit, which compiles the surveys. 
The December euro zone final manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) was 60.6, matching an earlier preliminary reading, the highest since the survey began in June 1997. Any figure above 50 represents growth. 
The euro rose to a three-month high above $1.20. 
The factory output index, which feeds into a broader set of data including services due on Thursday, rose to 62.2 from 61.0 in November. That was its highest in over 17 years and a reading exceeded only once in the survey’s more than two decades of history. 
Germany and France, the euro zone’s two largest economies look to be expanding in tandem, striking their highest manufacturing PMI numbers on record and for 17 years, respectively. But growth slowed in Italy, the bloc’s third largest economy. 
In Britain, which is in the process of negotiating a withdrawal from the European Union, growth tailed off sharply from a four-year high the previous month. 
“Strong growth will be hard to sustain in 2018,” noted Samuel Tombs, UK economist at consultancy Pantheon Macroeconomics. He pointed out that the UK PMI had underperformed the euro zone’s by the most since June 2008. 
“British manufacturers ... are failing to make the most of the rebound in global trade,” Tombs wrote. UNEVEN PERFORMANCE IN ASIA 
Factory activity hit a five-year high in India and the best in 6-1/2 years in Taiwan, and also picked up in China. But activity contracted in South Korea, Malaysia and Indonesia, a sign that regional interest rate hikes are likely to be gradual. 
“Robust external demand and accommodative domestic monetary policy should help keep Asian manufacturing sectors in good shape,” said Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics. 
In China, manufacturing growth unexpectedly picked up to a four-month high in December amid a surge in new orders, suggesting continued strength in global trade. 
The Caixin/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) rose to 51.5 from 50.8 in November, and far outpaced expectations in a Reuters poll for a dip to 50.6. 
The China PMI, which pushed Asian shares .MIAPJ0000PUS to their highest in a decade, was somewhat at odds with a much larger official China PMI survey on Sunday. It showed a slowdown in growth amid a crackdown on pollution and measures to curb risky financing and cool the housing market. 
The difference, analysts say, stems from the fact that the Caixin/PMI index tracks smaller, private firms, more sensitive to exports. 
China is expected to have grown by close to 7 percent in 2017, but the world’s second largest economy is likely to slow in the new year on the back of those measures, highlighted as policy priorities at October’s key Communist Party congress. 
Beijing is expected to target 2018 growth of around 6.5 percent. 
“We believe a moderate growth slowdown to be more visible in the first half of 2018, especially on the investment front, due mainly to the tight financial conditions and a cool down of the property market,” BofA Merrill Lynch economists said. 
China’s slowdown means that for the rest of Asia, the pace of rate increases is unlikely to match that of the U.S. Federal Reserve, which is likely to raise interest rates three times this year, and possibly more. 
There will likely be “only a few rate hikes here and there across the region over the coming two years,” HSBC analysts wrote in a note, even as they expect Asian economies to keep chugging along in 2018, led by tech and trade. 
India’s PMI showed factory activity expanding at the fastest pace in five years, buoyed by a rise in output and new orders, which allowed firms to raise prices. The data firmed up views that interest rates in Asia’s third-largest economy have probably bottomed. 
PMIs for Japan, which surpassed growth expectations in 2017 on the back of the surging tech and trade cycle globally, will be released on Thursday. 
The U.S. manufacturing PMI is due later on Tuesday. Reporting by Jonathan Cable and Marius Zaharia; Editing by Ross Finley and Catherine EvansLast year was a record year for mega-gifts, with three charitable donations of $1 billion or more, according to a new report.

The Chronicle of Philanthropy compiled its list of the 10 biggest gifts of 2017, with three donations of $1 billion or more — the strongest year in the past decade. And while the top three names are familiar tech names, most of the names on the list are fairly unknown to the broader public, showing that many of America's biggest philanthropists keep a low profile.

The 10 largest gifts totaled $10.2 billion in 2017, more than double the total from 2016, of $4.3 billion.

First on the list was Bill and Melinda Gates , who gave Microsoft stock valued at around $4.6 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which focuses on global development, health and education.

Ranking second was Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, who contributed around $1.9 billion to the Chan Zuckerberg Foundation, a non-profit arm of their LLC. Third on the list was Michael Dell and his wife Susan, who donated $1 billion to their foundation.

But the fourth-place leader is a little-known name — Henry Hillman. The late Pittsburgh billionaire, who died in April and made his money in financial services and venture capital, left $800 million to the Hillman Family Foundations, mainly to benefit the Pittsburgh area.

Ranking fifth is another person relatively unknown to the general public — Florence Irving, the widow of the co-founder of Sysco , the food products giant. She gave $600 million to the Columbia University Herbert and Florence Irving Medical Center and New York-Presbyterian Columbia University Irving Medical Center.

Here is the full list of the givers and causes, from the Chronicle of Philanthropy.There's a risk of 'collision of intent' on North Korea 2 Hours Ago Kingsley Jones of Jevons Global remains invested in South Korea, but has concerns that tensions over North Korea could reach a boil.Anadolu Agency | Getty Images People protest in Tehran, Iran on December 30, 2017. 
A daily morning look at the financial stories you need to know to start the day. 
STOCKS/ECONOMY 
-Stock futures are higher after Tuesday's rally to start 2018. We get the release of the Fed minutes at 2 p.m. ET. 
-Imports of items like washing machines and solar panels are soaring as foreign companies rush to bring them to the U.S. before any possible new tariffs are imposed by the Trump administration. 
BUDGET BATTLESJanuary 2, 2018 / 11:35 PM / Updated 8 hours ago U.S. threatens to withhold aid cash to Palestinians Rodrigo Campos 3 Min Read 
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said in tweets on Tuesday that the United States may withhold future aid payments to Palestinians, accusing them of being “no longer willing to talk peace” with Israel. 
Trump said that Washington gives Palestinians “HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They don’t even want to negotiate a long overdue peace treaty with Israel ... with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?” 
The President’s tweets follow plans disclosed by his U.N. ambassador earlier on Tuesday to stop funding a United Nations agency that provides humanitarian aid to Palestinian refugees. 
“The President has basically said he doesn’t want to give any additional funding, or stop funding, until the Palestinians agree to come back to the negotiation table,” Ambassador Nikki Haley told reporters when asked about future U.S. funding for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian refugees. 
The U.S. is the largest donor to the agency, with a pledge of nearly $370 million as of 2016, according to UNRWA’s website. Undercover Israeli security personnel detain a Palestinian demonstrator during clashes at a protest against U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, near the Jewish settlement of Beit El, near the West Bank city of Ramallah December 13, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamad Torokman 
Relations between the Palestinians and Washington soured early last month after Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, generating outrage across the Arab world and concern among Washington’s Western allies. 
Weeks later, more than 120 countries defied Trump and voted in favor of a U.N. General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its stance on Jerusalem’s status. 
“What we saw with the resolution was not helpful to the situation,” Haley said on Tuesday. 
“The Palestinians now have to show to the world that they want to come to the table. As of now, they’re not coming to the table but they asked for aid. We’re not giving the aid, we’re going to make sure that they come to the table and we want to move forward with the peace process,” she said. 
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has called the Trump administration’s decision on Jerusalem the “greatest crime” and a flagrant violation of international law, and said it was unacceptable for the United States to have a role in the Middle East peace process because it was biased in favor of Israel. 
On Tuesday, the Israeli Parliament passed an amendment that would make it harder for it to cede control over parts of Jerusalem in any peace deal with the Palestinians. Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Eric Beech in Washington D.C., Editing by Rosalba O'BrienChinese pressure on North Korea only goes so far 19 Hours Ago Aaron Connelly of the Lowy Institute for International Policy says the U.S. has faced repeated disappointment with China on enforcing economic sanctions on North Korea.Shares of Weight Watchers rose nearly 6 percent Tuesday after the company announced that music producer DJ Khaled will be its "social media ambassador" in 2018.
Weight Watchers said Khaled will document his progress on social media as he completes the "WW Freestyle" weight-loss program.
Khaled has a wide following on social media. As of Tuesday morning, he had 3.92 million followers on Twitter . The music mogul also gets 42 AM / Updated 3 minutes ago Mobileye deal boosts Israeli high-tech exits to $23 billion in 2017 Reuters Staff 2 Min Read 
TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli high-tech acquisitions and initial public offering activity soared to $23 billion in 2017 from $10 billion in 2016 due to the $15.3 billion purchase of Mobileye by Intel Corp ( INTC.O ), data published on Wednesday showed. 
The acquisition of Neuroderm by Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma ( 4508.T ) for $1.1 billion also boosted the volume of exits - including M&A, IPOs and buyouts - last year, according to the Israel Venture Capital Research Center and the Meitar law firm. 
The total number of exits decreased by 7 percent to 112 deals in 2017 yet the number of exits over $100 million rose. 
“Alongside a 60 percent increase in the number of exits of large amounts, we also see an increase in large capital raisings,” Meitar partner Alon Sahar said. “This figure supports the thesis that both entrepreneurs and investors are trying to establish bigger companies.” 
There were 13 IPOs that raised a total of $440 million in 2017, compared with none the previous year. Only ForeScout Technologies ( FSCT.O ) raised money on Nasdaq, with the rest on alternative markets. Reporting by Tova Cohen, Editing by Ari RabinovitchJanuary 3, 2018 / 5:01 PM / Updated 19 minutes ago Nigeria's Buhari re-election movement gathers pace for 2019 Felix Onuah 3 Min Read 
ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari’s supporters got a boost on Wednesday when a key ally of the elderly leader announced he would head a group campaigning for him to seek re-election next year. 
Buhari, 75, has not publicly said whether he will take part in the February 2019 election. Political insiders have privately questioned Buhari’s willingness, or ability, to keep the top job after he spent much of the past year in Britain being treated for an undisclosed ailment that left him visibly weakened. 
But Adebayo Shittu, Nigeria’s minister of communications who played a prominent role in Buhari’s 2015 campaign, said he would chair a group to support the re-election of the president and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. 
Campaigning for the re-election of a president in Nigeria has often started with such support groups before the incumbent declares his intention to run again. 
“We, his ardent supporters who appreciate his worth on behalf of millions of Nigerians, would urge him to recontest,” Shittu told reporters in the capital Abuja after informing Buhari of his plans to head the group. 
“I know he has not made up his mind but I can say that some of us can assist him in making up his mind,” he added. 
The fact that Shittu discussed campaign arrangements with Buhari and then told reporters is a sign that the president may have given his approval. DISENCHANTMENT 
On Jan. 20 an office for the organization of the campaign will be set up in Nigeria’s southwest, Shittu said. 
The southwest is a key region in Nigerian elections, home to the sprawling megacity of Lagos, where widespread support for Buhari in 2015 is credited with helping him defeat the incumbent Goodluck Jonathan. 
But while Buhari in 2015 rode a wave of resentment against Jonathan over endemic government corruption, a struggling economy and a failure to defeat the Islamist Boko Haram insurgency in the northeast, much of public opinion has now turned against Nigeria’s incumbent leader. 
Many Nigerians complain that Buhari’s government is also corrupt, pointing to the president’s sacking of his top civil servant and the head of the National Intelligence Agency in October after highly-public graft scandals. 
Others dispute how well the economy, Africa’s largest, has recovered. Nigeria exited its first recession in 25 years in the second quarter of 2017, but growth remains sluggish and the country continues to depend on oil, while unemployment and underemployment have increased. 
Boko Haram’s deadly attacks also continue to plague the military and civilians in the northeast almost daily, despite the Buhari administration’s insistence over the past two years that the insurgency has been beaten. 
In a blow to the president, Atiku Abubakar, a former vice president and key Buhari ally, quit the ruling All Progressives Congress and said he was prepared to run in 2019. Last month he joined the opposition People’s Democratic Party. Reporting by Felix Onuah in Abuja; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Gareth JonesGRAINS-U.S. wheat rallies as temperatures fall; corn, soy firm Mark Weinraub SHARES 
(Updates with closing prices, adds details) 
CHICAGO, Jan 2 (Reuters) - U.S. wheat futures rallied 1.7 percent to their highest in nearly four weeks on Tuesday on concerns about sub-zero temperatures damaging the dormant crop in crucial growing areas of the United States, traders said. 
The gains in wheat spurred increases in corn futures. Soybeans also closed higher after trading both sides of unchanged during the session. 
Traders were also digesting the latest export data from the U.S. Agriculture Department on the first trading day of 2018. 
Wheat notched its biggest daily percentage gain since Nov. 22 as much of the crop was not protected by a blanket of snow to mitigate the freezing conditions. 
"Damage occurred in about a quarter of the hard red wheat belt in the central Plains, with about 5 percent of the soft red wheat belt in the Midwest seeing impacts," Don Keeney, senior agricultural meteorologist for Radiant Solutions, said in a note. 
Chicago Board of Trade soft red winter wheat for March delivery settled up 6-1/2 cents at $4.33-1/2 a bushel. Prices peaked at $4.36-1/4, matching a level last seen on Dec. 5. 
CBOT March corn futures ended 2-1/2 cents higher $3.53-1/4 a bushel. 
CBOT March soybeans gained 3 cents to close at $9.64-3/4 a bushel. 
Ongoing concerns that heat in Argentina will limit the size of that country's harvest supported soybean prices. 
"While Argentina did receive good coverage over the past week, temperatures could top 100 degrees (Fahrenheit) (37.8 C) again in some areas by the end of the week before rains return," said Bryce Knorr, analyst at Farm Futures. 
A shortfall in South American crop production could boost demand for U.S. exports and help alleviate the glut of domestic supplies following the recent bumper harvest. 
USDA said on Tuesday morning that weekly U.S. soybean export inspections were 1.139 million tonnes, in line with forecasts for 1.1 million to 1.3 million tonnes. 
Corn export inspections were 683,898 tonnes, also in line with trade estimates that ranged from 575,000 to 800,000 tonnes. Export inspections of wheat totalled 274,506 tonnes, below estimates for 300,000 to 600,000 tonnes. (Reporting by Mark Weinraub; Editing by Frances Kerry and Lisa Shumaker)The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday issued a recall of a heart device made by a unit of Johnson & Johnson due to a faulty valve.
The valve, which prevents blood from flowing back through it, is part of a device used to insert and position cardiovascular catheters in the heart.
About 110 Agilis Steerable Introducer Sheath devices made and distributed between Jan. 1 and May 5 are a part of the Class I recall, according to the FDA.
A Class I recall is the strictest form of recall issued by the health regulator, in situations where the use of faulty devices may cause serious injury or death.
Johnson & Johnson did not immediately respond to a request for comment.10 moves to boost your wealth in 2018 Getty Images | Nora Carol Photography SHARES 27 Mins Ago 
If you set the right financial goals now, you could be wealthier by next year. 
Personal finance website WalletHub compiled a list of the top moves you want to be thinking about now to improve your financial well-being. 
On top of that list is signing up for a credit monitoring service following a bad year for data breaches, according to WalletHub analyst Jill Gonzalez. The Equifax breach alone affected as many as 145 million people. 
Gonzalez recommends you set up text or email notifications to let you know if your data has been compromised. 
Following are other important moves that you want to make now. Watch your credit 
Make it a point to comb through your credit report regularly for any errors or fraudulent activity. 
You can access a free credit report annually from each of the major credit reporting firms, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. (Visit Annualcreditreport.com for access.) If you want more protection, you can sign up for credit monitoring, which will track your credit and keep you apprised of any dramatic changes. Courtney Keating | iStock | Getty Images Pay bills right after payday 
Paying your bills promptly ensures you don't get charged for late payments and helps keep your credit score in top shape. It also keeps you from indulging in purchases you cannot afford. David Sacks | Getty Images Pay down credit card debt 
Consumer credit card debt has climbed $61 billion in the past year to $808 billion total today , according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. That debt only becomes more expensive as the Federal Reserve increases interest rates, WalletHub notes. 
Set a concrete goal for how much you want to pay down, say 20 percent of your existing debt, in the new year. Gonzalez recommends using the snowball method, where you focus on paying down the debt with the highest interest first. Daniel Grill | Getty Images Diversify your credit cards 
You could be missing out if you are using the same credit card for regular purchases and the debt you carry over from month to month. That is because a rewards card might be better suited for regular purchases while a card that comes with a zero annual percentage rate can add up to big savings for larger balances. 
Using distinct cards can also better help you track your spending. Ti_ser | Getty Images Build up your emergency fund 
It always helps to have extra cash in case you face unexpected unemployment or medical emergencies. 
Advisors recommend you initially strive for three to six months of expenses . Ultimately, you want to build that reserve up to as much as 12 months to 18 months of living costs. Cristian Baitg | E+ | Getty Images Improve your credit score 
Credit scores generally can be as high as 850, but many scores typically average between 645 to 700 . The higher your score, the better the rates you will be able to get on mortgage and car loans, as well as credit card rates. 
To improve yours, be sure to make payments on time, Gonzalez said. That effort, combined with the length of your credit history inevitably getting longer with time, can help improve your score by at least 20 points, she said. AndreyPopov | Getty Images Increase your financial literacy 
Adding to what you know about money and personal finance will inevitably help you make smarter decisions. 
WalletHub recommends you start by assessing where you are by taking an online quiz . The results will show you where you most need to brush up. By 2019, your score on the same quiz should be higher. Maurusone | Getty Images Stick to a budget 
Creating and following a budget will help prevent you from overspending or failing to plan for future expenses. 
Start by making a list of recurring expenses, from most important to least important. If what you're spending every month exceeds what you earn, start cutting expenses from the bottom of the list. 
Be sure to periodically go back and look at your plan and make sure you are following it. 
"It's one thing to set it and forget it," Gonzalez said. "It's another thing to check in monthly." Peshkova | Getty Images Make more 
Increasing your take-home pay is one key way to improve your financial well-being. Consider looking for a better job in 2018, even if it means relocating to another city. You may also want to consider finding ways to earn more in your current position, whether it be through a raise or a promotion. Nicolas Hansen | GlobalStock | Getty Images Don't forget your health 
The average person spends $4,612 per year on health care, according to WalletHub. 
Taking care of your health now can help limit future health-care costs. Plus, those who exercise regularly tend to have higher credit scores, according to WalletHub. Mark Gail | The Washington Post | Getty ImagesAmazon.com and Alphabet ‘s Google both discounted their virtual assistant speakers so deeply over the holiday shopping season that they likely lost a few dollars per unit, highlighting a sharply different strategy from Apple as it prepares its HomePod speaker , analysts said.
Both companies cut prices for the smallest version of their speakers, the Amazon Echo Dot and Google Home Mini , to as little as $29 from $50 for the U.S. holidays. Midlevel versions cost a bit more than twice as much.
Apple aapl failed to ship its $349 HomePod speaker in 2017, as it initially planned , and said the device would go on sale in early 2018.
Apple aims to make a profit on the device itself and bolster sales of its $9.99 per month Apple Music subscription, analysts said. Apple’s voice assistant Siri likely will focus on recommending new songs.
Amazon amzn and Google googl , meanwhile, are eager to give consumers a taste of their respective digital assistants, Alexa and Google Assistant, at impulse-buy prices, hoping to lock in customers and profit from later sales of goods and data about buying habits.
The Home Mini and Echo Dot do not match the sound quality of the HomePod, but consumers may see less need for a superior, pricier speaker from Apple once they have a rival set up. Even the midlevel Amazon and Google devices were discounted to $79 over the holidays.
“That kind of pricing is great for consumers and bad for Apple,” said Paul Erickson, a senior analyst with IHS Markit.
Some consumers might consider a $30 speaker to be cheap enough to throw away and not a barrier to buying the Apple device when it arrives.
Amazon declined to comment on Echo devices said but said in a press release it sold millions of its Echo Dot speaker during the holiday season, making it the best-selling product over the period on its online store.
Google did not disclose sales numbers for the Home Mini, but Google Home spokeswoman Nicol Addison said the company was very happy with holiday performance. Google gave away the devices to buyers of its new Pixel 2 smartphones and offered them for $29 at Wal-Mart wmt , Target tgt , and Best Buy bby .
Amazon dominates the emerging market for smart speakers outside of China, with Google closest behind. Sales of the devices are not yet substantial enough to affect the financial results of either company.
Both companies took small losses or broke even on sales of the hockey puck-shaped devices, analysts estimated.
The Echo Dot has about $31 worth of parts, according to analysis by ABI Research. Components in the Google Home Mini cost about $26. The figures do not include overhead, shipping and other expenses, meaning discounted versions likely sold at a loss.
“Apple is in a bit of trouble,” said Adam Wright, senior research analyst at IDC, who estimated that about 35 million smart speakers had been installed worldwide as of a couple of weeks ago--not including U.S. Christmas sales. “We've witnessed an explosion in the last six months.”Becton Dickinson : "I think it's a strong buy. It's one of my absolute favorites and it's a local company. I would pick it up hand over fist through this weakness."
Hain Celestial : "It had some financial irregularities. They are now behind. The problem is a lot of people feel it's a takeover [target], and I don't think that Irwin Simon, who runs it, feels that way. So I would say, you know what? There are better fish to fry right now, but it's not as bad as when it had those financial problems."
Carnival Corp. : "The answer is buy, buy, buy! I'll tell you, they delivered an amazing quarter and didn't get enough credit."
Watch the full lightning round here: show chapters Cramer's lightning round: Buy Becton Dickinson's stock hand over fist 20 Hours Ago | 02:58 Check out the companies making headlines after the bell : 
Shares of Moneygram plunged 7 percent in extended trading. The money transfer company announced the termination of an amended merger agreement with Chinese fintech company Ant Financial , after the two failed to get approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.
"We are disappointed in the termination of this compelling transaction, which would have created significant value for our stakeholders," Moneygram CEO Alex Holmes said in a statement.
Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals shares climbed about 5.9 percent in the extended session. Upon completion of phase 3 clinical trials, the pharmaceutical company announced it submitted an application to the Food and Drug Administration for approval of a new drug used to treat intra-abdominal infections.
Tetraphase also announced it promoted Vice President of clinical development Dr. Larry Tsai to Chief Medical Officer.
Planet Fitness stock edged higher in the extended session. After losing close to 5 percent during the regular session, the fitness center franchise company announced it acquired a franchise group with 6 locations in Suffolk County, New York. 
Alexion Pharmaceuticals stock gained close to 1 percent, before settling back down. The pharmaceutical company announced it would collaborate with activist investors Elliott to appoint a new board member — an ongoing search since November.
An Elliott spokesperson in a statement said the investors are impressed with CEO Ludwig Hantson's leadership in improving financial performance and business strategy.BERLIN (Reuters) - A German satirical magazine’s Twitter account was blocked after it parodied anti-Muslim comments, the publication said on Wednesday, in what the national journalists association said showed the downside of a new law against online hate speech.
Titanic magazine was mocking Beatrix von Storch, a member of the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, who accused police of trying “to appease the barbaric, Muslim, rapist hordes of men” by putting out a tweet in Arabic.
Twitter briefly suspended her account and prosecutors are examining if her comments amount to incitement to hatred.
Titanic magazine published its send-up late on Tuesday, in a tweet purporting to be from von Storch to the police, saying: “The last thing that I want is mollified barbarian, Muslim, gang-raping hordes of men.”
Titanic said on Wednesday its Twitter account had been blocked over the message, which it assumed was a result of a law that came into full force on Jan. 1 that can impose fines of up to 50 million euros ($60 million) on social media sites that fail to remove hate speech promptly.
“We are shocked,” Titanic editor Tim Wolff said on the magazine’s website, adding that Chancellor Angela Merkel and Justice Minister Heiko Maas had promised that the new law would not have this kind of effect.
A Twitter spokesman said the company did not comment on individual accounts, for reasons of privacy and security.
The Association of German Journalists (DJV) said the Twitter move amounted to censorship, adding it had warned of this danger when the law was drawn up last year.
“A private company based in the United States decides the boundaries of freedom of the press and opinion in Germany,” DJV Chairman Frank Ueberall said in a statement, calling on parliament to reverse the hate speech law.
Twitter, Facebook and other social media platforms are scrambling to adapt to the law, and its implementation is being closely watched after warnings that the threat of fines could prompt websites to block more content than necessary.
Germany has some of the world’s toughest laws on defamation, incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence, with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities.
Merkel’s conservatives accused the AfD of undermining the post-war democratic consensus in Germany.
“The racism that AfD lawmakers have been tweeting for days is intentionally violating, with criminal intent, the basic consensus which democrats have built up since 1949 despite all disagreements,” Armin Laschet, party deputy of Merkel’s Christian Democrats, tweeted.
“By doing this, they want to pave the way to a totally different republic.”
($1 = 0.8317 euros)
Reporting by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Robin Pomeroy
 The first gene therapy in the U.S. now has a price tag: $850,000 for the one-time treatment, or, more specifically, $425,000 per eye for a retinal disorder.
The price is for Spark Therapeutics' Luxturna, approved by the Food and Drug Administration in December to treat a rare, inherited retinal disease that can lead to blindness. The Philadelphia-based biotechnology company also revealed Wednesday morning a set of payment and access programs, including tying payments to how well the therapy works and exploring payment by installment.
The treatment is delivered just once, a facet of gene therapy that poses unique pricing questions in an industry fueled by steady payments for chronic therapies.
"It's wildly expensive but, to be very frank, I think they've priced it what I'll call responsibly," said Dr. Steve Miller, chief medical officer of pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts , which is partnering with Spark on distribution and specialty pharmacy services for Luxturna. "The product is just phenomenally innovative, and we've been talking about gene therapy for over 20 years. We're now at the threshold of having gene therapy reaching patients."
Wall Street expectations for Luxturna's price were around a million dollars, and Spark's $425,000 for each eye comes in under that mark.
"It came down to the value we believed was inherent in the therapy," Spark Chief Executive Officer Jeff Marrazzo said in an interview. He, as well as Miller, spoke with CNBC ahead of the announcement on condition the information not be published until the news was public.
"We also heard and did market research with payers ... and wanted to take into account the questions and challenges they had about affordability," Marrazzo continued. "Ultimately this is about access."
Gene therapy involves the delivery, using a modified virus, of a healthy copy of a gene to make up for one that's deficient in a way that causes disease. In the retinal dystrophy Spark aims to treat with Luxturna, which the company estimates affects between 1,000 and 2,000 people in the U.S., mutations in a gene called RPE65 lead to impaired vision that deteriorates over time.
In clinical trials, patients' sight was assessed by their ability to navigate an obstacle course in different levels of light. Those receiving Luxturna showed significant improvement in their ability to do so at low light after a year.
Patients who participated in the trial also described, in interviews and in testimony to a panel of FDA advisers, seeing snowflakes for the first time or being able to read again.
A new form of medical treatment brings with it new challenges, not only in its price. Marrazzo said Luxturna will only be available at half a dozen treatment centers in the U.S. throughout this year, so Spark will ensure financial support and logistics for travel and accommodations.
The company also outlined several plans for new payment models that Marrazzo says aim to ensure access for patients, recognize the value of the product for Spark, and remove extra cost and risk for insurers and hospitals.
One is an agreement with Harvard Pilgrim, a nonprofit health plan covering 1.2 million people, to pay rebates if a patient's vision doesn't meet certain thresholds in 30 to 90 days, and then 30 months after treatment, under a model known as outcomes-based pricing.
"What's important and unique about the product is not just standing behind the efficacy but behind the long-term durability from a single dose," Marrazzo said.
Another recently approved one-time therapy, Novartis' Kymriah for a form of leukemia, also has an outcomes-based pledge: If the treatment isn't working after a month, Novartis doesn't get paid. That treatment is priced at $475,000.
Both Kymriah and another one-time cancer treatment approved in 2017, Gilead's Yescarta, are referred to by the FDA as gene therapies because they involve genetically modifying patients' own immune cells to identify cancer. They're known as CAR-T therapies.
Luxturna is the first of a crop of treatments that target diseases caused by mutations in specific genes, and thus is referred to by many as the first gene therapy in the U.S.
Spark also announced a program Wednesday, through a partnership with Express Scripts, to offer a way for insurers to purchase Luxturna directly, avoiding a so-called buy and bill model in which treatment centers administering a drug must purchase it upfront.
The goal is to remove the risk for treatment centers in purchasing, handling and waiting for reimbursement of expensive products, and to alleviate for insurers potential markup costs imposed by the treatment centers, Marrazzo said.
He said the company is in active discussions with additional insurers, with coverage announcements coming over the next few weeks and months.
Express Scripts, which in its role as a pharmacy benefit manager negotiates drug prices and reimbursement on behalf of insurers and employers, "will work with health plans and plan sponsors to decide where they want [Luxturna] on their plans," Miller said. He said Express Scripts will receive a dispensing fee for its work with Spark, "not dependent on the price of the drug."
Finally, Spark is also exploring a much-discussed idea for paying for expensive, one-time treatments: staggered payments that would spread costs out over time.
Some of the challenges for this are government requirements tying prices to the lowest available, and the fact that patients switch health insurance providers numerous times over the course of their lives — an average of every three years, according to Spark.
Marrazzo said the company is in talks with the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, including Administrator Seema Verma, on a proposal that would waive some of those requirements, enabling it to offer an installment payment option and bigger rebates linked to how well the treatment works.
"We're at the infancy of what I think could be a lot of innovations in how we pay for these really expensive drugs," Express Scripts' Miller said. "We've got to figure this out, because — let's be frank — there are going to be more of these drugs coming to the marketplace for even bigger populations."Happy New Year, Broadsheet readers! I hope you all had a joyful holiday. Today’s Broadsheet is a bit of a catch-up edition, featuring some of the big stories that caught my eye over the past week or so. Here’s to a happy and productive 2018! 
EVERYONE'S TALKING [bs_bullet_primary] Taking action in 2018 . In the final Broadsheet of last year, I asked all of you to share any thoughts you might have on what we can do in 2018 to advance the next stage of the #MeToo movement--steps that will change the culture that has allowed sexual harassment and other abuses toward women to quietly flourish. Thank you to all of you who sent in your inspiring ideas, some of which I've included (in edited form) below:
"One of the biggest issues I see is that many women have no one to turn to when they have an issue with harassment. Their boss is often the problem, and HR focuses on protecting the company. Since many companies can't seem to police themselves, I think there needs to be an external group that holds companies accountable for getting rid of predators. Some thoughts for what this could look like: - A government organization similar to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that would be open to public complaints and able to do its own investigations. - Industry-level groups that hold their companies accountable. - A nonprofit or group of lawyers who set up a confidential complaint line for women who want to make them aware of harassment problems...they could give guidance, or even prosecute companies if they have enough evidence." -- Joy S.
"We need a consistent set of definitions of harassment behavior and consequences that would spread throughout the American workplace. This would negate the often heard 'I am not sure what's acceptable, etc.' excuse that leaves us nowhere." -- Anne K.
"I think we need 1.) a way to investigate claims that is fair to all sides, punishments appropriate to the seriousness, and a path to redemption for the redeemable. I know these aren't universally held points of view, but I believe it might encourage people to speak up if they feel the process is just, not only for an accuser, which is critically important, but as well for someone who is accused. And 2.) a "certification" for organizations to show they are respectful environments. It could include survey data about perceptions of safety/respect, qualitative data, metrics, and the presence of and trust in processes for people who have been harassed. Somehow it needs to show where there is real safety and respect, and not just the window dressing." -- Jonathan B.
"Companies should also consider tools which allow anonymous reporting via text, email, phone, etc. Reporting sexual harassment is difficult. Often, it's easier done anonymously or via email. And, at a time when younger generations are becoming more comfortable with digital communication and less comfortable with face-to-face communication, we, HR, should adapt for cases like this. These anonymous reporting tools are going to be important in getting people to report issues they otherwise may not be comfortable reporting to a person. Just knowing it's there is a great message to employees." -- Beth S.
"The vast majority of companies already have policies or practices in place, but what this recent uptick in attention sparked was a realization that policies don't mean much if your employees don't fully understand what harassment is. It comes in many different forms and is often subtle. 2018 is an opportunity for education - not only around what harassment looks like and feels like but what to do and how to speak up when you see it." -- Katie. S
As many of you noted, this will not be a quick or simple fix, so I'd like to make it a standing request: Please email me anytime at kristen.bellstrom@fortune.com with your thoughts on what each of us can be doing to make 2018 the year of #NoMore. I'll share your responses with your fellow readers on a regular basis--let's keep this conversation going for as long as it takes.
ALSO IN THE HEADLINES [bs_bullet_primary] Time's Up . More than three hundred Hollywood women yesterday revealed their own action plan to fight systemic sexual harassment in their industry and in blue-collar workplaces nationwide. Called Time's Up, the plan includes legislation to penalize companies that tolerate persistent harassment, a fresh push for gender parity at studios and talent agencies, and a request that women walking the red carpet at the Golden Globes speak out and raise awareness by wearing black. But the most notable aspect is a $13 million legal defense fund for less privileged women who experience sexual misconduct. You can sign the letter of solidarity--and donate to the fund here . [bs_link link="https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/01/01/movies/times-up-hollywood-women-sexual-harassment.html?referer=" source="New York Times"]
[bs_bullet_primary] Vice at Vice . While this New York Times investigation is not the first media report of a sexual harassment problem at Vice Media, it paints a uniquely scathing portrait of a "top-down ethos of male entitlement at Vice, where women said they felt like just another party favor at an organization where partying often was an extension of the job." The story reports that more than two dozen women say they've experienced or witnessed sexual misconduct at the company and reveals four settlements involving allegations of sexual harassment or defamation against Vice employees, including its current president. [bs_link link="https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/23/business/media/vice-sexual-harassment.html?rref=collection%2Fsectioncollection%2Fbusiness&action=click&contentCollection=business&region=stream&module=stream_unit&version=latest&contentPlacement=42&pgtype=sectionfront&mtrref=www.nytimes.com&gwh=0338435B7C4F3A5D6C7B33AD80D2A1D2&gwt=pay" source="New York Times"]
[bs_bullet_primary] Boards get onboard . In light of #MeToo and the numerous powerful men who've lost their jobs over sexual harassment allegations, some corporate board directors are--for the first time--saying that they would fire their company's CEO if past offensive behavior came to light during his or her tenure. In another sign of the times, other boards report that they're beefing up CEO candidate background checks to make sure any such behavior comes to light before they land in the corner office. [bs_link link="https://www.wsj.com/articles/sexual-harassment-scandals-are-reshaping-ceo-searches-1514370600" source="WSJ"]
[bs_bullet_primary] Calling their own fouls . New York Times and Morning Consult polled 615 men about their behavior at work over the past year, finding that roughly a third admitted doing at least one thing that qualifies as sexual harassment or other objectionable behavior. By far the most common offenses were inappropriate jokes or stories (19%), followed by sexist remarks (16%). About 10% of the men said they had engaged in unwanted sexual attention, "actions like touching, making comAuto troubles in 2018? 5 trades 3 Hours AgoHow to buy ripple, one of the hottest bitcoin competitors SHARES Published 16 Hours Ago Updated 14 Hours Ago Ripple is one of the hottest new cryptocurrencies and it only costs a bit over $2 per coin. It's a bit harder to buy than bitcoin, however, since it's not available in popular apps such as Coinbase. We'll walk you through how to buy some, by first buying ethereum and then using that to buy ripple on an exchange called Bitsane. Frank and Helena | Cultura | Getty Ripple coin 
If you thought bitcoin was hot, maybe you should learn about ripple. It's another crytocurrency that's been rocketing in popularity lately. 
While it was trading at around $0.20 a few months ago, it's now worth more than $2.25 per coin. Ripple is a little different than many other popular cryptocurrencies because it was created by a private, for-profit company that is still the biggest individual owner of the currency. 
But ripple isn't as easy to buy as bitcoin or other popular cryptocurrencies, since it isn't available in popular apps such as Coinbase. 
That means you need to jump through a few hoops to buy it. I tried several methods and think I've come up with the easiest: Create an account with a Ripple exchange 
Only some of ripple's recommended exchanges include support for buying Ripple with the U.S. dollar, which would be the easiest way. Unfortunately, after trying several and running into technical issues or login problems, I settled on an exchange called Bitsane . 
Setting up an account is easy, and the main page has all sorts of information on current exchange prices for trading between various cryptocurrencies. It also lets you send and receive currency from other apps, such as Coinbase, which we'll get to in a moment. Buy bitcoin or ether 
Now you'll need to buy another cryptocurrency: either bitcoin or ether (the cryptocurrency associated with the Ethereum blockchain). 
It's annoying that you need to do this extra step, but unfortunately it's the easiest way to move forward. 
I used Coinbase to buy ether and bitcoin. It's easy to use and you can buy it using the U.S. dollar, either through a linked bank account or debit card. Follow our guide on how to buy bitcoin and ethereum for this step . 
In this case, I'm buying $200 worth of ether. Move your ether to Bitsane 
Next, you're going to move the ether you own in Coinbase over to the Bitsane platform so you can use it to buy ripple. I know it sounds complicated, but it isn't. 
Do this: Click "Balances" on the top of the Bitsane page. On the "Ethereum" line, select "Deposit." The page will generate a special address. Copy it. Open Coinbase on your phone or computer. Tap Accounts Tap the "Send" icon on the top right. It looks like a paper airplane. Choose how much you want to send. We'll do $100 worth of ether. Enter the address you copied from Bitsane. Click Send. You'll pay a small fee -- I paid $0.36 -- and it should arrive in your Bitsane account within 30 minutes. Buy ripple using ether 
Now that your ether is in your Bitsane account, you can use it to buy ripple. On the top of the page, select the XRP/ETH exchange. This allows you to buy ripple using ether, and shows you the buy orders (bids), sell orders (asks), and current trades. Choose how much you want to buy. Under order type, select "market" and then choose your order size (how many ripple coins you want to buy.) Since I have 0.11712345 ether, I can buy 46 Ripple coins, which is about $2.20 a pop give or take a few cents. View your ripple 
You can see how much ripple you now own under balances. Here we can see I ended up with about 45.88 full ripple coins. 
Now, since I can't really spend ripple anywhere, I can just sit on it and see what happens. As with most cryptocurrencies, you're taking a bet here on whether the value is going to increase or decrease. But unlike bitcoin, you can actually buy several of these at once without spending too much money. WATCH: Ripple's XRP just soared more than 30 percent show chapters A Vietnamese tycoon detained in Singapore last week remains in the city-state, one of his lawyers said on Wednesday, easing his family's immediate fears that he could face the death penalty if he were sent back home.
Phan Van Anh Vu, 42, a property developer and former secret service officer who media say is wanted in Vietnam for revealing state secrets, was detained in Singapore on Thursday as he tried to leave for Malaysia.
Remy Choo, one of at least three lawyers representing Vu, told Reuters that Singapore's immigration authority had agreed to let him see his client for the first time later on Wednesday. Vu's lawyers said on Tuesday they had applied for his passage to Germany to avoid being sent to Vietnam, where serious security offences such as revealing state secrets, can carry the death penalty.
Singapore has no extradition treaty with Vietnam but its immigration authority has the power to repatriate people under certain circumstances, according to the city-state's Immigration Act.
A representative of Singapore's Immigration and Checkpoints Authority said on Tuesday Vu was arrested on Dec. 28 "for committing offences under the Immigration Act".
Vu's case adds a new international dimension to a Vietnamese corruption crackdown that has brought the arrest of dozens of officials and business figures and is entangled with political intrigues in the single-party communist state.January 3, 2018 / 12:04 PM / Updated 4 hours ago Amazon, Google cut speaker prices in market share contest: analysts Stephen Nellis , Paresh Dave 4 Min Read 
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O ) and Alphabet Inc’s ( GOOGL.O ) Google both discounted their virtual assistant speakers so deeply over the holiday shopping season that they likely lost a few dollars per unit, highlighting a sharply different strategy from Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) as it prepares its HomePod speaker, analysts said. 
Both companies cut prices for the smallest version of their speakers, the Amazon Echo Dot and Google Home Mini, to as little as $29 from $50 for the U.S. holidays. Midlevel versions cost a bit more than twice as much. 
Apple failed to ship its $349 HomePod speaker in 2017, as it initially planned, and said the device would go on sale in early 2018. 
Apple aims to make a profit on the device itself and bolster sales of its $9.99 per month Apple Music subscription, analysts said. Apple’s voice assistant Siri likely will focus on recommending new songs. 
Amazon and Google, meanwhile, are eager to give consumers a taste of their respective digital assistants, Alexa and Google Assistant, at impulse-buy prices, hoping to lock in customers and profit from later sales of goods and data about buying habits. 
The Home Mini and Echo Dot do not match the sound quality of the HomePod, but consumers may see less need for a superior, pricier speaker from Apple once they have a rival set up. Even the midlevel Amazon and Google devices were discounted to $79 over the holidays. 
“That kind of pricing is great for consumers and bad for Apple,” said Paul Erickson, a senior analyst with IHS Markit. Slideshow (2 Images) 
Some consumers might consider a $30 speaker to be cheap enough to throw away and not a barrier to buying the Apple device when it arrives. 
Amazon declined to comment on Echo devices but said in a press release it sold millions of its Echo Dot speakers during the holiday season, making it the best-selling product over the period on its online store. 
Google did not disclose sales numbers for the Home Mini, but Google Home spokeswoman Nicol Addison said the company was very happy with holiday performance. Google gave away the devices to buyers of its new Pixel 2 smartphones and offered them for $29 at Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy. 
Amazon dominates the emerging market for smart speakers outside of China, with Google closest behind. Sales of the devices are not yet substantial enough to affect the financial results of either company. 
Both companies took small losses or broke even on sales of the hockey puck-shaped devices, analysts estimated. 
The Echo Dot has about $31 worth of parts, according to analysis by ABI Research. Components in the Google Home Mini cost about $26. The figures do not include overhead, shipping and other expenses, meaning discounted versions likely sold at a loss. 
“Apple is in a bit of trouble,” said Adam Wright, senior research analyst at IDC, who estimated that about 35 million smart speakers had been installed worldwide as of a couple of weeks ago - not including U.S. Christmas sales. “We’ve witnessed an explosion in the last six months.” 
(This version of the story has been refiled to delete extra “said” in paragraph nine) Reporting by Paresh Dave and Stephen Nellis; editing by Peter Henderson and Grant McCoolHere's why cryptocurrencies could soon be facing a big crackdown 2 Hours Ago Jacob Zamansky, Zamansky & Associates partner, discusses cracking down on stocks pivoting to blockchain that were previously not related to technology.200 years of US interest rates in one chart 10 Hours Ago Is the bond bull market over? And will a bond breakdown hit stocks? With technician Louise Yamada, CNBC's Jackie DeAngelis and the Futures Now traders.Caterpillar's $2 billion tax fight with the IRS could change how US companies do business Federal officials have been investigating Caterpillar Inc.'s taxes and profits processed through its Swiss subsidiary, Caterpillar SARL. The outcome of that investigation could influence other American companies' tax strategies. Michael Newberg | CNBC Caterpillar on display at the CONEXPO in Las Vegas. 
Caterpillar Inc. has long used a subsidiary in Geneva, Switzerland, called Caterpillar SARL, to process sales and profits for international orders, and the IRS wants the heavy-machinery maker to pay a $2 billion tax bill on that business, according to The Wall Street Journal . 
Although the company maintains that its Swiss strategy, which results in an effective tax rate there of as low as 4 percent, is legal, some Caterpillar employees have questioned the practice, which began in 1999, the Journal reports. 
No civil or criminal charges have been filed, and a Caterpillar spokeswoman told the Journal that the company is "in the process of responding to the government's concerns." 
Federal officials raided Caterpillar's offices in March, and the outcome of the investigation could influence other U.S. companies' tax strategies. Sweeping new tax law took effect Monday, partially aimed at persuading American companies to bring back their overseas cash holdings. China 's large manufacturers are gaining size through overseas deals 18 Hours AgoIt's January 2. New Year's resolution time. And for many, the clock of failure is already ticking. What's the difference between those who stick to their New Year's resolutions and those who don't?
Clarity of purpose. And a plan.
So says business and life coach Tony Robbins.
"Happy New Years everyone! Research shows that 80% of people give up on their New Years resolution by the 2nd week of February!" writes Robbins in an Instagram post. "The reason? What most people call 'resolutions' are really just desires or fun things they wish would happen. The majority of people aren't actually resolving anything within themselves.
"If you want to be a part of the few that do versus the many that talk, you need to be crystal clear— what specific result will you accomplish? What's your WHY (reasons come first, answers come second)? How will you do it? What tools, strategies, or resources do you need to make it happen? "
Those who stick to their resolutions have an understanding of why they are doing what they are doing, Robbins says. There has to be a larger motivating drive underpinning the goal. And when you set your goals (not just at the new year) be sure they make you truly excited, Robbins says.
Tweet: The secret to unleashing your true power is setting goals that are exciting enough to ignite your passion.
Take for example billionaire tech entrepreneur Elon Musk , who is CEO of both Tesla and SpaceX. He gets a lot done in part because he has a strong "why."
"The thing that drives me is that I want to be able to think about the future and feel good about that," says Musk , speaking to a group of governors gathered in July. "We are doing what we can to have the future be as good as possible, to be inspired by what is likely to happen and to look forward to the next day."
Once you have established an understanding of why your resolution is important, the next step is to create a strategy and to identify the tools that will help you manifest what you want, says Robbins. Without a plan, your resolution will remain a pipe dream.
To begin to make your goal reality, put pen to paper. "Commit yourself even further and write it down for yourself to review every day this year," says Robbins on Instagram.
Though writing down a goal may sound like surprisingly simple advice, Robbins isn't alone in his recommendation. Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson says its his top tool for success.
"Ever since I was a child I have made lists of all kinds, including short-term tasks, long-term goals and resolutions. It's how I make sense of the world, bring order to the ideas in my head, and start turning them into action," writes Branson, in a 2017 New Year's Day post on his blog .
Once you have established a goal, understand your motivation and set a plan of action, then keep trying.
"No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't trying," Robbins says.
Tweet 4
See also:
This is the No. 1 trait of great leaders, says a Wharton professor who's studied thousands of executives
Wharton's No. 1 professor: 'Never give up is bad advice. Sometimes quitting is a virtue.'
Richard Branson's best advice for success in 2017
show chapters Tony Robbins: You need these two skills to live a happy life 11:20 AM ET Fri, 6 Oct 2017 | 01:14 Like this story? Like CNBC Make It on Facebook .AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan’s royal palace warned it would take legal measures against anyone spreading what it said were lies about the ruling family, just days after King Abdullah relieved his brothers from top army posts in a major shakeup.
The king, a staunch U.S. ally, said on Tuesday that his brothers Prince Ali and Prince Faisal and his cousin Prince Talal - who all had high military ranks - would be retiring from the armed forces.
He said the move was part of a reorganization of the armed forces’ hierarchy and structure.
Prince Faisal was head of the royal air force and deputy chief of staff, while Prince Ali had for years been in charge of the royal guards responsible for the king’s protection.
Talal Bin Mohammad, a Sandhurst graduate who was and an officer in the elite special forces, was also sent into retirement. They were all given honorary promotions.
A palace statement on Sunday said it would pursue legal measures against those who propagated “lies and false claims” in social media and online websites with the goal of driving a wedge between the royal family and ordinary Jordanians.
“These fabricated news circulated recently are aimed at undermining Jordan and its institutions,” the statement said.
A Jordanian army source said the move by the king was prompted by a desire to set an example that the Hashemite ruling family was not above the law ahead of an anticipated move to retire dozens of senior army generals.
The king, who himself is an elite special forces commander, said the restructuring plan aimed to reorganize the 120,000- strong army by cutting costs and creating a more lean and effective force better equipped to modern warfare against terrorist groups.
The kingdom, which borders both Iraq to the east and Syria to the north and Israel to the west, has escaped relatively unscathed from the regional turmoil around it.
Many of the top army brass are drawn from native Jordanian tribes who form the backbone of the support for the royal family and play a dominant role in the army and government.
Jordanians see the royal family as a unifying force that holds together a country where many of its citizens are Palestinians whose families settled after successive Arab-Israeli wars, placing the kingdom at the heart of the conflict.
Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Kim Coghill
 Donald Trump Calls for Change in 'Failing' Iran as Economic Protests Turn Fatal People gather to protest in Tehran on Dec. 30, 2017 Anadolu Agency Getty Images By Jaclyn Gallucci 10:58 AM EST 
U.S. President Donald Trump said Iran is failing and called for a change there, as security forces clashed with demonstrators rallying in a rare show of displeasure with the country’s leaders. 
“Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama administration,” Trump said Monday morning in one of several New Year’s Day tweets, including one that was critical of Pakistan. “The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food & for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!” 
As many as a dozen people may have died in the protests, according to state TV and local reports. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, seeking to calm the unrest, on Sunday defended the Iranian people’s right to protest while urging them to work with his administration to address what he said were justified grievances about the economy. 
Those comments came after Rouhani’s government restricted access to social media, which has become an important source of information about the protests. 
The rare public show of dissent comes at a time when prices and joblessness are on the rise and Trump’s administration has placed additional sanctions on the country. Trump said on Twitter a day before that the U.S. will be watching “very closely” for human rights violations during the protests. 
In another Twitter posting on New Year’s Day, Trump called out Pakistan and said his administration was seeking to get tougher with that nation. In October he said leaders there were beginning to respect the U.S. again and pointed to the release of a U.S. woman and her Canadian born husband as proof the country is working with the U.S. 
Pakistan is a partner with the U.S. in the fight against terrorism, yet it was was also the hiding place where 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden lived for years before being killed in a nighttime raid by Navy Seals. 
“The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies & deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!” Trump tweeted. You May Like Sign Up for Our Newsletters Sign up now to receive FORTUNE's best content, special offers, and much more. January 1, 2018 / 2:30 AM / Updated 9 hours ago Compass Group chief, five others killed in Sydney seaplane crash Reuters Staff 3 Min Read 
SYDNEY/LONDON (Reuters) - The chief executive of British catering giant Compass Group Plc ( CPG.L ) and four members of his family were killed when the seaplane they were flying in crashed into a Sydney river on New Year’s Eve. 
Richard Cousins, 58, chief of the world’s biggest catering firm, died together with Emma Bowden, 48, Heather Bowden, 11, Edward Cousins, 23, and William Cousins, 25, according to Detective Superintendent Mark Hutchings of the New South Wales Police. 
Australian media identified the dead as the CEO’s two sons, his fiancee and her daughter. The pilot, Gareth Morgan, 44, also died. 
Cousins had been due to retire on March 31. 
Compass said the new chief executive, Dominic Blakemore, would now start on Jan. 1 instead of April 1 as originally planned. 
Compass, with annual turnover of almost 23 billion pounds ($31 billion), employs around 550,000 people around the world providing food services to schools, the armed forces and office workers. 
Blakemore, who has worked at Compass since 2012 with roles as both finance director and head of the group’s European operations, has a background in accounting. He has also held senior financial roles at British food groups Cadbury and Birds Eye Iglo. 
Compass Chairman Paul Walsh said in a statement: “The thoughts of everyone at Compass are with Richard’s family and friends, and we extend our deepest sympathies to them.” 
“Richard was known and respected for his great humanity and a no-nonsense style that transformed Compass into one of Britain’s leading companies,” he added. 
Cousins led Compass over the past 11 years. He was widely credited with turning the company’s business around and making Compass into one of the FTSE 100’s best-performing firms, and had also been named as one of the world’s best-performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review. 
He joined Tesco ( TSCO.L ) as an independent director in 2014 at the height of the British supermarket chain’s accounting scandal, stepping down from that role at the start of 2017. 
The family are believed to have been flying back to Sydney from an exclusive waterfront restaurant in Jerusalem Bay when the plane crashed, the BBC reported. 
Police are working with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau to recover the wreckage of the plane, which is submerged in 13 meters of water near Cowan, north of Sydney. A probe into the cause of the crash has begun, with a preliminary report expected within 30 days. Authorities have warned it may take up to a year to find out what happened. 
The seaplane was part of the Sydney Seaplanes business that offers sight-seeing trips and has operated since 2005 with no previous record of mishap. Seaplane flights have been canceled until further notice. 
Cousins’ son William worked at Open Britain, a group campaigning to keep Britain in the European Union single market, and directors and co-workers praised him as an enthusiastic and talented team member. Reporting by Alana Schetzer in Melbourne, writing by Elisabeth O'Leary; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Adrian CroftThis year could prove to be another big year for biotech stocks after an impressive run in 2017.
The SPDR S&P Biotech exchange-traded fund ( XBI ), was among the best-performing U.S.-listed ETFs last year, with a 43 percent annual gain. The only ETF that outperformed it was the iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF.
A handful of the names in the XBI saw double-digit and even triple-digit gains: Shares of Biogen and Amgen jumped 22 percent and 19 percent, respectively, while Juno Therapeutics surged 142 percent.
Amgen appears to be setting up for a bigger breakout in 2018, said Todd Gordon, technician and founder of TradingAnalysis.com.
"Amgen looks to be pretty well-poised here, hanging just above the $200 region. We have a long-term consolidation. If you wanted to do a little bit of Elliott wave analysis, you would say this was a wave 4, moving up to wave 5, which should carry up into the $220 to $240 region in 2018," Gordon said Friday on CNBC's " Trading Nation ," referring to a classic technical analysis theory. "So I'd say, watch Amgen."
On a longer-term chart of the XBI, Gordon said its underperformance relative to technology stocks was beginning to show signs of a bottom, so the broader space could continue seeing strength.
From a fundamental perspective, this year's winners could be last year's laggards, said Larry McDonald, publisher of the Bear Traps Report. For McDonald, names such as Celgene , Gilead and Regeneron — which were laggards last year, either barely positive or negative on the year — should see turnarounds in the months ahead.
"I think that's the way to play biotech in the first half of 2018. The dogs of 2017 should be the substantial outperformers in the first half of 2018," he said Friday on "Trading Nation."
While the risks surrounding policy impacting drug pricing — and by extension, stocks' performance — have been concerns in years prior, McDonald doesn't think that will be a huge factor this year as the Trump administration focuses on tax reform, housing policy and immigration.
"We're not going to see much in terms of moving the needle until 2019, coming out of Washington, for healthcare and for the biotech sector," he said.
The XBI began 2018 on a high note, rising more than 1 percent on Tuesday.
Vote Vote to see results Total Votes: Not a Scientific Survey. Results may not total 100% due to rounding.China's central bank will look to keep credit growth in check in 2018 2 Hours Ago5:03 PM ET Thu, 28 Dec 2017 | 01:54 SHARES 
Tom and Karen Hessler left New York in 1971 for Humboldt County, a beautiful region in northwestern California that is today home to thousands of marijuana farms. Back then, it was deforested and severely depressed. They bought their 40 acres for a resounding $9,000, or just over $55,000 today . Now, their property is worth millions. 
The Hesslers live in a house that they built, eat food that they grow and use electricity that they produce. That was always their dream: To live self-sufficiently, plus settle down somewhere Tom could focus on his artwork. 
"If I had to describe your land to somebody, I couldn't," Marcus Lemonis tells the couple, now in their 70s, who he visits on Tuesday's episode of CNBC's "The Profit ." "It's like in a fairytale book. It's so beautiful and so removed." CNBC Tom and Karen Hessler with Marcus Lemonis on CNBC's "The Profit" 
Pot-farming wasn't originally part of the Hesslers' plan, but, as they found, it was a way to make money. "We are the people who started this industry. There was nobody growing weed. There was nobody here, Marcus. Every piece of land was for sale," Tom says. 
"You could've bought the whole mountain for 100 bucks," Lemonis jests, and Tom replies that you actually could have for just $36,000. 
"Today it'd be $36 million," the host then speculates, which illustrates the millions the Hesslers' own property is worth today. 
As some of the earliest growers in the region, the Hesslers helped establish Humboldt as what Lemonis calls the "pot capital of the U.S." M ore farms gradually sprung up in the region through the '70s, and, by the '80s, Humboldt's economy was booming as the region supplied cities throughout the U.S. 
For many, like the Hesslers, it has been a lucrative business. But that doesn't mean it has been easy. Farmers have faced the constant threat of crackdown from law enforcement, which persisted even after medical marijuana was legalized in Calif. with Proposition 215 in 1996. 
The Hesslers' children, Nya and Elan, recall constantly wondering whether their parents were going to be arrested as they grew up. 
"Certain kids in school you avoided because, like, their dad was a sheriff," says Nya, who recounts an incident where he was chased for 45 minutes by a helicopter through the woods by their property. "I just finally just stopped and sat there and waited, and then they finally just flew off." 
Lemonis interviews another Humboldt County grower who wasn't so lucky. At 29-years-old, with no prior criminal record, Johnny Casali was caught with 1500 marijuana plants. "I woke up at 6 o'clock in the morning. Thirty federal agents showed up at my door, guns to my head," he says. He served eight years in prison. CNBC Foundation of the Hessler's home in 1971 
As of the New Year, recreational marijuana use is permitted in California, which now has the biggest legal marijuana market in the world. However, that doesn't mean growers are totally protected. 
As Lemonis notes, the threat of federal enforcement remains. And many farmers struggle financially with a supply glut driving prices down and taxes cutting into their profits — steep enough that some continue to sell on the black market to avoid them. 
For the Hesslers who have gone legal, however, business is booming. They just had one of their best summers ever. "The weather's just been perfect. Absolutely perfect," says Tom. 
But he's also put off by some of the recent competition brought by newcomers with no ties to Humboldt County looking to break into the industry. 
" We've been doing this for 50 years," he says. "And for almost 50 years people have been chasing us, chastising us, and trying to destroy us. Now they all want to be in with us."Two new Democrats will be sworn in to the Senate on Wednesday, narrowing the Republican majority and complicating efforts by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to advance the White House's legislative agenda before the November midterm elections.
Doug Jones, the first Alabama Democrat elected to the Senate in a quarter century, is one of two new members who will take the oath of office on the Senate floor at noon. The other is Minnesota Lt. Gov. Tina Smith, who was appointed to replace Al Franken following the Democrat's resignation over accusations of sexual misconduct. Smith also plans to compete in the special election taking place in November to complete the final two years of Franken's term.
They will narrow the Republican majority to 51-49.
Jones, 63, who will represent one of the most conservative states in the nation, is stressing his desire to work with both parties. He will be under pressure to find some areas of agreement with Republicans and has cited the funding of infrastructure improvements as one possible avenue.
"I will be an independent voice and work to find common ground with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get Washington back on track and fight to make our country a better place for all," Jones said after defeating Republican Roy Moore in a special election rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct against Moore. Jones will take the seat once held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
Before the Senate seat belonged to Sessions, it belonged to the man Jones considered his mentor, the late Sen. Howell Heflin. Jones worked for Heflin as a staffer after graduating from law school in 1979. Heflin was the last Democrat to represent Alabama in the U.S. Senate.
Jones said for that reason, Wednesday will feel something like a homecoming, bringing his career full circle. During the swearing-in, Jones will be wearing a pair of Heflin's cufflinks. Jones plans to place one of Heflin's cigar boxes in his office.
"To be able to have done the things I've done and end up back here is just a remarkable thing," Jones said. "I am looking forward to getting my feet wet and getting to know my colleagues and jumping into the action."
Jones said he is hopeful that he comes to the Senate with a "little bit of a voice" because of the attention on the Alabama race.
"There are a lot of people who didn't vote for me, and I hope they will keep an open mind because I am going to try to be the best senator I can for the state to try to move the state forward as a whole and not just one particular group or philosophy," he said.
Jones made it clear during the campaign that he was opposed to the GOP's efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's signature health care overhaul, the Affordable Care Act. He said the efforts would drive up costs and lead to the closure of more rural health care facilities in the state. "That is a nonstarter," Jones said.
Last month, McConnell signaled that he would likely give up on Obamacare repeal, for now, as the GOP majority was set to narrow.
"Well, we obviously were unable to completely repeal and replace with a 52-48 Senate," he said. "We'll have to take a look at what that looks like with a 51-49 Senate. But I think we'll probably move on to other issues."
Smith, 59, served as chief of staff to Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton before becoming his No. 2 when the previous lieutenant governor declined to seek a second term.
Smith is known largely as a liberal Democrat who has maintained connections to the state's large and politically powerful business community.
Once the senators take the oath of office, they reprise the event at a ceremony with family and friends in the Old Senate Chamber, once the home to the U.S. Senate and later to the U.S. Supreme Court from 1860 to 1935.
Former Vice President Walter Mondale is expected to join Smith at the ceremony.
Jones said former Vice President Joe Biden , who headlined Jones' campaign kickoff rally, and former Attorney General Eric Holder are expected to be among his guests Wednesday.Retail Report Macy's is about to close more stores In early 2017, Macy's posted disappointing holiday sales and simultaneously released the locations of more than 60 stores it planned to close last year. Macy's also said at the time it would close 34 more stores "over the next few years" as leases or operating covenants expired, or as sale transactions were completed. Those closures are beginning to roll out in 2018 as Macy's looks to generate much-needed cash from its real estate. Adam Jeffery | CNBC Macy's flagship store in Herald Square, New York City. 
Little by little, Macy's is beginning to close some of the roughly 30 stores it previously announced were on the chopping block. So far, 11 stores have been identified for closure, and four of those stores' teams have been notified, the company told CNBC Wednesday. 
About this same time last year, Macy's posted disappointing holiday sales and simultaneously released the locations of more than 60 stores it planned to close in 2017. Additionally, the company said at the time it would close 34 more stores "over the next few years" as leases or operating covenants expired, or as sale transactions were completed (making 100 closures in total). 
Business Insider said Wednesday that more closures were coming in 2018 from that group of 34 locations. An official announcement has yet to be made from the department store chain, but one is expected to come later this week based on the timing of past press releases. 
Among the closures is reported to be a Macy's location at Fountain Place in Cincinnati, Ohio, where the retailer is headquartered, according to the Cincinnati Enquirer . 
Macy's shares closed Wednesday down 3.7 percent on the news after rallying for most of the day Tuesday . 
"Macy's, Inc. has been reviewing its real estate portfolio across the country to see if there are opportunities to improve the use of our assets," Macy's told CNBC in a statement. 
"While closing a store is always a difficult decision because of the impact on our customers, our associates and the community, we deeply appreciate the loyalty of our customers and associates," the company added. 
The Cincinnati-based retailer has said it wants to focus on its best real estate while investing more in its web operations, in a push to win more shoppers online. 
"We're getting better and better at this because, as we've closed more stores, we've learned a lot about how to retain sales in other stores," CFO Karen Hoguet said on a call with analysts and investors, discussing the closures of 2017. 
Meantime, Macy's is testing smaller versions of its off-price concept, Macy's Backstage, inside some of its existing stores, which appeals to customers looking for more of a "treasure hunt" shopping experience. The department store chain, like its peers, has been forced to revise its massive floor plans, as fewer shoppers venture to America's malls to ring up purchases. 
Having faced pressure before from activist investor Starboard ( which sold its stake in the company in 2017 ) to separate its real estate from its retail business, Macy's has still been taking steps to make money from those assets. 
Management updated analysts and investors this past November , saying Macy's would continue to explore opportunities with Brookfield Asset Management on about 50 properties, including the department store chain's flagship Herald Square location in New York. 
Macy's has also struck deals in the past with some of its landlords, including General Growth Properties , to sell locations and generate cash in a pinch. 
Ahead of this year's key holiday shopping season, Macy's, like many of its retail peers, was touting its ability to lure shoppers into its stores, where it has been making bigger investments in customer service and loyalty. 
CEO Jeff Gennette has already told CNBC the company started the holiday season on a strong note compared with 2016. Promotions were also less severe, he said, which should be helping profit margins. Top-selling items included coats, boots, sweaters and fragrances. 
As of its fiscal third quarter, Macy's operated roughly 860 stores under various brands, including Macy's, Macy's Backstage, Bloomingdale's, and Bluemercury. 
Shares of the department store chain have fallen more than 25 percent over the past 12 months. 
— CNBC's Courtney Reagan contributed to this reporting. Lauren Thomas News Associate for CNBC Related Securities Here's why Amazon may not buy Target Loup Ventures' Gene Munster is predicting the e-commerce giant will buy Target in 2018. An acquisition of Target would be Amazon's largest yet. Target has a lot of company-owned real estate and its business is a mishmosh of offerings. SHARES Mark Kauzlarich | Bloomberg | Getty Images Pedestrians walk past the Target logo reflected in a window at City Point in Brooklyn, New York. 
Loup Ventures' Gene Munster is predicting the internet e-commerce company will buy Target in 2018. Industry sources aren't so sure. 
Certainly, Target's stock has swooned over the past year, and sources suggest it may need to do something transformative to address its challenges. It is the "lost child" of retailers, with no clear core competency (though a strong home and apparel business). It is unclear that a sale to Amazon though is in its future. 
As a starting point, it is important to keep in mind that Amazon is prudent in its acquisitions and does not do many large-scale ones. Acquiring Target would be its largest deal yet. When Amazon does a big deal, it is looking for explicit capacities it lacks in areas it has already found challenging. 
When Amazon bought Whole Foods, it had been studying, investing and struggling to manage the business of fresh food for a long time prior. Whole Foods gave Amazon a strong brand name in the fresh food industry, expertise in managing foods and distribution centers for that food. 
It similarly can be said for Amazon's $847 million acquisition of Zappos, which followed Amazon's unsuccessful dalliance with selling shoes and accessories through Endless.com. At the time of the Zappos deal, Endless was receiving 777,000 visitors a month according to Comscore, while Zappos got 4.5 million visitors, the New York Times then reported . 
The question Amazon therefore faces in evaluating a Target deal are: 1) How much does Target offer that Amazon can't already do on its own; 2) Does Amazon need whatever Target does offer so badly that it justifies a purchase of a company with a market capitalization of $36 billion. 
Here are the considerations: Target's business is a mishmosh 
Target is a little bit of this, a little bit of that — its roughly $70 billion in sales are scattered nearly equally across its various businesses. 
In 2016, household essentials (pharmacy, beauty, etc.) generated 22 percent of its sales; food generated 22 percent; apparel and accessories generated 20 percent; furnishings and decor generated 19 percent and hardlines (electronics, sporting goods, etc.) generated 17 percent of its sales. 
Many of these businesses, particularly household essentials, home and hardlines, are areas in which Amazon already excels (it might, though, benefit from Target's furniture sales). It is therefore not clear that adding Target's hold on the those businesses would do much more than cannibalize Amazon's own sales. 
Food, meanwhile, is an area in which Target has struggled . Not to mention, Amazon already has a foothold into the space through its Whole Food's acquisition. 
Apparel might be the one channel in which Target, at this moment, surpasses Amazon. It is also an industry Amazon seems to care about: It has invested in private label brands , launched a try- before-you-buy service and even patented a mirror that dresses you in virtual clothes. 
Target has been largely successful in its clothing business, particularly in its private label ventures. Its Cat & Jack brand crossed the $2 billion mark a year after its launch. Target plans to launch at least 12 more brands on the heels of its success. 
But part of Target's private label success has come from its focus away from selling third-party brands as a means of driving people into its stores and off of Amazon. Amazon, meanwhile, has been courting brands to sell on its website, including Nike . 
Further, while Target has had success with private label, it is not clear that Amazon could not (or is not) successfully doing private label apparel on its own. Target's footprint is vast 
It is unclear that Amazon needs to add Target's 1,834 stores. Target owns, not leases, the majority of its real estate. If Amazon buys Target, it also acquires its unproductive or less profitable stores and would be stuck managing them. Target, meanwhile, has been focusing on shifting its retail strategy, focusing on smaller and more productive stores in more urban locations. 
Should Amazon buy a retailer for its real estate, a more natural (and cheaper) choice might be Bed Bath & Beyond. A number of its leases are due to go up in the next couple of years, making it easier to roll off less attractive real estate. 
Amazon, like many other e-commerce companies, is increasingly appreciating the importance of brick and mortar. Stores help lower the cost of returns, shipping and marketing. 
But Amazon's real estate plays so far have been very specific. Its Whole Foods acquisition helped it solve the unique problem of delivering fresh food, which requires infrastructure. It also signed a partnership with Kohl's last year, allowing shoppers to return items to Amazon from Kohl's stores. 
Not to mention, Amazon also already has roughly 322 distribution points, according to MWPVL International , a logistics consulting service. Integrating would be a challenge 
Amazon has certainly flirted with big box retailers, including its partnership with Kohl's. But partnering with a big box retailer and owning one are very different. In buying a big box retailer, Amazon also buys the headaches that come with it. 
One of the biggest challenges of marrying the two is managing inventory and returns. Amazon has trained shoppers to become used to the "extended aisle" of online shopping — an endless assortment of products that are not sold in stores. Returns of these items for traditional retailers have become complicated and costly. 
Stores can be left with "orphan products" — a random sweater they have no way to display, because a store doesn't typically sell it. Finding the sweater's way back home to a distribution center is also expensive. This seemingly minuscule problem can build up over time. 
Not to mention, consumer spending on apparel is dropping . Lauren Hirsch Retail Reporter for CNBC.com Related SecuritiesA U.S. court on Tuesday asked Valeant Pharmaceuticals and activist investor Bill Ackman's Pershing Square to appear for a hearing to discuss the proposed settlement in an insider trading lawsuit.
The hearing, set for Jan. 16, comes after Pershing Square and Valeant last week decided to pay $290 million to settle the lawsuit that accused them of insider trading before bidding for Allergan in 2014.
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of investors who sold Allergan shares in the two months before Pershing Square Capital Management and Valeant made an unsolicited $51 billion bid for Allergan.
The court has "substantial questions regarding whether the settlement amount is reasonable and fair," according to documents filed in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California.
"Today's order is a mandated step in the settlement process," a Valeant spokeswoman said in an email to Reuters. "We believe the settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate, and we look forward to explaining our position to the Court."
Pershing Square could not be reached for comment outside regular business hours.